Hi, guys! 
Christmas in New York is truly magical, especially in the uptown. The air smells like snow falling, the wood burning and Assad cakes. From our roof, the Central Park looks like an enchanted kingdom of silver, the Avenue is a parade of lights, Christmas tree and the size of Rockefeller Center seems to promise that this Christmas will be the most wonderful of all - though most of us will be drinking champagne to understand others. Along the Fifth Avenue, all the shop windows of department stores are decorated for the holidays and all the girls who go out for shopping use of Cashmere coats beautiful azure Marc Jacobs who bought in October and barely saw the time of use. And the night leaving all to enjoy, enjoy, enjoy. Nothing to study for exams in mid-year and nothing of those last-minute attempts to get to college and nothing to help mom to buy gifts for the employed, the cooks, drivers and girls of the laundry. Get your black satin dress drape ado of Prada, the shoes of needle jump of pure acrylic Christian Subroutine, the Hermes Bikini bag orange, the more expensive blinding that know and follow me! Fla Grad and V lips glued to the pier in the 79th It is tragic half the time it took to realize that they are loved. N J to buying red roses - and do not think he has a soft heart that beautiful body Chap ad?o. B and S to Bender going to get dressed for the prom night of Black-and-White. Knew Flow - former model and now beautiful singer and guitarist, whose band, the 45, just won the MTV Music Award for best album for his disc of debut, Komunik8 - will do the honor to announce how much money raised. The ball is in favor of Be Kind, a group that argues for the rights of animals, of which Flow is the spokesman. But who calls it? We all know that only come on to take a look at his perfect face. See you there! Do they really are friends now? That's right: If B decided to resume the friendship, and was not about time. I mean, how long you can stay angry with someone who took bath in primary school? B may not be as lean or too blond or too "experienced" as S, but that does not mean that you must hate it. ES never be so dishonest or so dimensional as B, but that does not mean that you have to be afraid of it. So the two decided to leave the differences aside and be nice to each other, at least for now. The question is, now they come back, what kind of crazy crap they will finish? They may believe, be the first to discover and you will know soon after. I'm not exactly good at keeping secrets.
For you who love me, gossip girl the dance the dance - If it were, like so, some fifteen centimeters higher, he could support the chin in her lap - Blair Waldorf as noted by the ex-boyfriend, Nate Archibald, dancing with Jenny Humphrey, a student of eighth grade and short perpetuation that Nate was the reason for inexplicably jilt Blair a few weeks before. - But then he would have trouble breathing. Fortunately, Blair had waived the dinner that night, otherwise it would have gone straight to the bathroom to vomit of women sick. Serena van Oder Wood sen, the oldest and newest friend of Blair, said the hair swinging clear.
- I understand - she said. - I have nothing against Jenny, but always thought you and Nate were so kind, the perfect couple. You were fully intended to spend the rest of their lives together. Serena said it was strange to hear that. After all, she and Nate had lost their virginity together, without the knowledge of Blair, when they finished the eighth grade. If two people were destined to one another, but they could be. But, as in any relationship where Serena has been involved, with its Farrakhan Nate was just a quick died. Blair and Nate were serious thing. And they were always a presence, as reliable as the doorman in the lobby of the building at Fifth Avenue Serena - which was impossible to imagine how the future would be without them as spouses. Because of them, Serena would be felt as part of a relational, and it was daunting to see how things had been bad. Blair regalement drank of his cup of Crustal champagne. The two girls were sitting alone at a round table and large, covered with a towel taffeta black and white muslin, the opulent ballroom of the Hotel St. Claire, ballroom where the annual Black-and-White was good bunch. Girls take the fall-to-long and black of Vera and Dole & Gabriel, with white plumes in the hair, danced with boys in mantilla smocking black and white Tom Ford for Gucci, and a giant ball made of black and white roses hung from ceiling. Blair had a strong DJ Eu. Her mother had married a month before with a Man, houseparent named Cyrus Rose, fat and receipt of the marriage happened in that room. The marriage also occurred on the anniversary of 17 years of Blair, the day she planned to go to the end with Nate. She spent hours if store and tested repeatedly in the head every moment of it. But then she was hampered by Nate is holding with that little girl in the lobby of the hotel and realized that in the end, no matter how nice you were on your bridesmaid dress from Chloe brown, or how her hair was theater, or the height of jumps of her Manorial Blank stiletto, Nate was busy Pandora the breasts of that balloon head feudal of 14 years to realize something.It was the worst birthday that Blair has. But she would not be hammering it. It was not that type. Oh, yeah, okay then. - I believe more in fate - she said to Serena, lowering the crystal flute with a thud on the table and almost breaking the rod. Blair spent the fingers in the long dark-brown hair that had been trimmed by Antoine that day, his new favorite hairdresser Elizabeth Arden Red Door Salon. Serena laughed and goggle blue. - So, how do you always said that their destination was Yale? - This is different - Blair insisted. Blair's father had gone to Yale and Blair always dreamed to go there too. She was the first of the class in Constance Bacillary and extracurricular activities was leaving the cover, then try the early admission seemed an obvious choice. But during the interview, she collapsed and Blair became the Queen of Drama at the Cinema. Told the interviewer a touching story of how her mother had been divorced from her father was gay and about to marry a man she barely knew, and was dying to get into college and start a whole new life. And then she kissed the interviewer - in fact, was tiptoe and kissed on the cheek haggard and Erica hair! Blair has always imagined the heroine of a movie black and white of the 1950s, with Audrey Hepburn style, his idol. That time had been his ruin. Now she was required to apply for regular admission to Yale with all others, and came to talk with his father to donate a study program to Galena France as a way to give a foreordain for her. But their chances to get in there still were, at most, skinny ones. Blair took a bottle of Crustal in the bucket of silver in the middle of the table and filled the cup. - Destination is for man's - she said. - Just a silly excuse to let things happen rather than destroy them to happen. If at least she knew exactly how to make things she wanted the case even without completely screw with them. The attention of Serena was shorter than that of a newborn puppy and Ella was too drunk to have a serious talk. - No more going foulard future, okay? - She lit a cigarette and blew the smoke in the air above the head of Blair.Babe that is, that blond guy who is talking to you is seeing Aaron total there are about ten minutes. - She covered the mouth with long, slender fingers and laughed. - Ape. Here they come. Blair has turned and with his half-brother of vegetarian sketchy, Aaron Rose, and a guy with very high spindly blond hair and brown eyes, clear, wearing an Armani tux wonderfully well-done, going to table them. The boy beat her fingers nervously supercomputers legs and look at Christian Dior black shoes and bright as if you were worried about tripping on them or something. Behind the two boys, the dance floor inch of beautiful girls and boys beautifully dressed adorably elegant, in the arms of a neck of another, with a rocking music of Beck. - Say something legal for Blair - the Aaron said Serena. - She is depressant with the future.
Blair goggle. - Who is not? The lips thin and red of Aaron has now down a mug of who apologizes. He, Blair and Serena had come to the dance together, and since they arrived, Aaron left the two girls drinking and smoking cigarettes while he would find friends. But Blair went anxious middle and sentimental lately with the marriage of the parents, the interview at Yale repulsive and everything. She needed all the moral support he could get. - Sorry. I have been a good companion. Want to dance or something? Blair ignored the. She was with the guy who wanted to dance? She looked at the tall, blond friend of Aaron. - Who are you? The poll gave a giggle. His teeth were even more than the white shirt. - I'm Miles. Miles Ingram. Son of Danny Ingram, owner of the famous restaurants and clubs, owner of the fashionable places such as Argonaut Tried in New York and in Cos Angel, to name a few. - He is my colleague in the class Bronchial - Aaron added. - We are building a band. Miles plays drums. Blair beriberi the champagne, hoping they would say something that was not completely boring. Miles gave a giggle and monk fish Blair to the fingers on the back of an empty chair. - You are more beautiful than I thought - he said. He was cute, but fingers banquettes that business could be seriously annoying. Blair did not return the smile. She took a drink. Aaron Miles probably said it was a total witch, and he hoped that she had warts on the nose and a broom in the ass. Not exactly. Aaron did not like to talk about his new half-sister because I wanted to save it for yourself. But do not pull the network yet - we will get there later. Aaron pushed the sketchy behind the ears. - And this is Serena - he said to Miles. Miles has only a quick peek at the perfectly chisel face, the deep blue eyes, long and thin in the body and the great black Gucci dress for Serena. His eyes fell on it for a moment - it was hard not to fall-, before turning to Aaron. - How weird. You have not told me that Blair was so beautiful. Aaron has to shoulder and seemed uncomfortable. - Sorry. Blair and Serena kindled new cigarettes, still hoping that something crazy happened. Considering the observation that Blair had just done on the destination, was to make them happen. Aaron gregarious. - Are you sure you do not want to dance? - Asked him to Blair again. Blair realized that he was wearing tie-butterfly and that the tuxedo shirt was unbuttoned and unfolded the collar. Apparently, he was saying something. She gave a long shot in the cigarette and blew the smoke in his face.- No, thanks. The music of Beck ended and people returned to flocks to the tables to get drunk more. - My feet are dying! - Emerge Kali Parkas, throwing themselves into a chair in front of Blair and making shoes. - My already-dead echoed Isabel Coat es, sinking in the chair beside her. In the last two years, while Serena was in Hanover Academy in New Hampshire, Isabel and Kali had dressed in Blair. They bought the Camphor makeup together, drank cappuccino at Le Canard juntas and, yes, they even went to bantamweights. Blair dominated the social scene. Then, when both were with her, they felt almost famous, using the red carpet everywhere. But shortly before the Day of the Discovery of America, Serena was expelled from school and reappeared in the city to steal from both Blair and Kali and Isabel returned to the old and cheap Kali and Isabel ever. - How do you are not dancing? - Kali asked. Blair has to shoulder. - I am not in the mood for it. Isabel sighed. - Only we have to do the tests in the coming weeks she said, mingling with the touch of boredom tiredness in the voice of Blair. -And then we will have a break because of Christmas. - You are so lucky to go to a place that is too Kali said. - I will have to do that crap to ski in Aspen idiot again. - Well, is not as bad as my country house in Connecticut charismatic-Isabel replied. - Mai be sensational - tore Serena with a smile animated. Blair and Serena would spend the Christmas together in St. Arts. Blair's mother and father of Aaron were on honeymoon on a cruise in the Caribbean, and got to Blair, Aaron and brother of Blair, Tyler, pass the holidays in the exclusive resort of Isle La Pa ix in St. Arts. Each of them could bring a friend, if I wanted. Thus, after they reconciled in the bathroom during the wedding reception of the mother, Blair invited Serena. Of course it would be back in town for the Year-new. No girl in connection with more than 12 years like that of a ballad-passes the Year with new parents. - Mai be madness - Blair agreed with a smug smile. She could well be imagined, slip of sunscreen, with the new Miss bikini on a beach of white sand rustic, his face masked by huge Chanel sunglasses, shorts while some of the cats brought surfing exotic drinks in coconut shells. She would forget to Yale, from Nate, and the mother of Cyrus and bake until brown as coffee with milk under the hot sun of the island. Of course she knew that Kali and Isabel were a total envy because she had not invited any of the two to go to St. Arts with her, but to be honest, Blair did not give the slightest. Just one more week. Chuck Bass Blair came from behind and put his hands on the shoulders and large hot naked her, significance the practice of tennis. - I just see the little girl that Nate and giving some of Constance amasses the corner-he announced, as if everyone wanted to know. Chuck was a nice way obscure means of come rial of post-shave lotion. It was also the most expensive chicken throughout New York. He tried to hurt Serena when she collapsed drunk in the hotel room of the family in his Tribe Star in October and almost succeeded in that little Jenny Humphrey bear the dress for him in the bathroom of women at the party in Boa Kiss in the same week. Chuck was the worst type of chicken, but all have tolerate because he was one of them: attending a small private school for boys, in the primary, he went to the school of dance in the Arthur Murray and took tennis lessons at Asphalt Green, and sang in the church hotel on the beach front in the south of France. He was invited to the best parties and most exclusive private sales, like all others in the group. Even when he was rejected, Chuck yet again. He was mercilessly inventiveness. Blair tried to remove his hands. - So?
Chuck continued with their hands where they are. - Nate never managed to make you sell, right? - He began to massage her shoulders. - I was thinking that maybe the honor to be mine. The entire body of Blair rigid. Until that moment, she never had many problems with Chuck, but now understand why the Serena hated both. She pushed the chair back, hands violently expelling him from his shoulders and stood up. - I have to go to the bathroom, she announced to the table, completely ignoring Chuck. - Then we get out of here. We can continue the party at my house or something. Aaron got up and took a step toward her, the threading website sketchy behind the ear, half embarrassed. - You okay? - He asked, looking worried. At that moment, every one act of Mr. Sensitive irritated Blair almost as much as the Ngaliema to Chuck. - I'm great. She turned and marched across the room the best that could jump in the needle of acrylic Christian Subroutine and Gucci dress in black supertanker, looking directly to the front to prevent see Nate Ginny with that little girl, or whatever the hell is the name her. People were gathering on the track in an excited whisper. It seemed Flow - the lead singer of the world's most delicious music - was about to appear. But Blair does not matter. She was not drooling for famous people, like most of the girls. Did not need it: she was the star in the film that run on your head, the most famous person I knew. the cat's rock turns the head of all Jenny was a kind of trance blessed all night. Prior to accompany her to the prom Black-and-White, Nate wore a Donna Ankara tuxedo again, Jenny garage by taxi, led her to eat sushi and drink sake in very Bond and wish him a small turquoise pendant Jade Jagger in form the star. His green eyes spark to light the candles and golden hair that were so perfectly downgrades Jenny was taking for his mental polarizes that could paint a portrait brand new in the morning and increase its collection. Best of all was that, after they reached the ball, Nate not dragged to talk to people she did not know. Even the friends of turbulent Nate, Jeremy Scott Parkinson, Anthony and Charlie Amundsen Dem, left the two alone. That night Nate was just her, happy to hug her while they kissed silently in the corner. - You know the screen The kiss of Gust ave Klimt? - Said Jenny excited while looking at the lovely face of Nate. Nate made a grimace. - Not really. - You know. It is famous for dammit. Anyway, this is what I remember. He has to shoulder and looked to the stage. - I think the guy the 45 will appear in a moment and speak something. Jenny encounter the wall. Before Nate, it would wet the panties of excitement to see a celebrity like Flow, but now all that I was still kissing Nate. - So? - She gave a giggle and a light hit in the mouth with the back of the hand, with care not to blur the brightness MAC pink. - That was awesome - she added short. - What? - Nate asked, looking distraught to the hall. - I never kissed so long well-accepted Jenny. Nate turned to her and smiled. He had smoked a joint on the way to get her way and was still stoned. He loved the dress that Jenny was wearing. It was long and black, the low neckline in front and back, with a frilled white dramatic that shaken tiny ankles. Jenny had bought the dress at Century 21, a tip of stock of clothing for fashion frequented by hunters of bargains and a notion that people desperately not buy anything that had label, even if it were obviously imperfect or was just a bad idea that the designer does not sell anywhere, except in the 21 Century.It was exactly four Allowances by the father dress, but Nate did not know that. He thought it seemed an angel in black and white. An angel with the best pair of big tits he turns. He passed by the hands and arms clear soft as baby of Jenny. She was gentle and warm, fresh bread rolls and a five-star restaurant. The DJ began to play the success of 45, Corrupt Me, and then appeared arrogant Flow ramp coming from nothing, using a coat of smoking on a red shirt with BE KIND in large white characters and laughing as perhaps one of the guys I know most of the world. Flow was the son of a Danish model in lingerie and a Jamaican coffee magnate, and a version appeared tan and blue eyes of Jim Morrison, the classic band of the 1960s, The Doors. He went up behind a glass podium, the music stopped and all vivarium and applauded. Jenny started to hand the thumb of Nate and gave a squeeze as they went out of the corner to see.
- I just wanted to welcome you all for coming here and it is taking place this evening to raise money for ... - Flow opened the jacket of a tuxedo shirt and pointing to some of the guests excited and daring of the dance, a people who had not ashamed to pay Economic, shouted: "Be Kind!" In the same time, Blair opened the door of the bathroom for women to find Nate and Jenny hand in hand and in her path. Jenny wore a dress of garish fashion dubious granny style that was too large and too small bottom up. She and Nate appeared in some suburban breasts night of their prom. Blair Fix the straps of the dress and Stallone lips claques ruby-red. The sooner left there, the better. But she could not slip away as a poor ex-girlfriend rejected. I had to show more pride than that of shit. Well, much more. - I would like to thank the organizing committee of the ball, led by Blair Waldorf and Serena van Oder Wood sen - Flow continued, reading a cart?Inchon who was in his hand. - Hey, that the two girls do not come here and help me to announce how much money raised? All testicular the neck to look for Serena and Blair. In his typically exuberant way, Serena dropped a high yelp and slide effortlessly by the dance floor, climbing the podium with the hair clear oases?antes. Flow took a step back, muted by the beauty of it, and Serena is bent into the microphone. - Come on, Blair - she shouted, looking at crowded hall. - Come here! Blair could feel that people saw. She tried to give a smile and left his post at the door of the bathroom, walking in front of the nose and Nate] Benny while opening the way to the front hall. The mouth of Nate Blair unitize when it opened for him. It seemed higher than he remembered and his butt was more defined. The long hair and skin glowed had a pearly tone that it was willing to play her. She was hot. No, she was more than hot. Suddenly he was confused. I take the arm of Blair and say: "Come back here. I made a mistake." But then] Benny shook his hand, and he looked at the brown eyes and moving neckline and deep, and immediately forgot to Blair again. Nate was like the more goofy Labrador. If you balance a stick in front of him, he only thought about get it, but if you throw a tennis ball, he forgot the rod and ran behind the ball.
Blair joined them on the podium and Flow gave Serena a sheet of paper, smiling from ear to ear as the two organizers of the ball, by chance, were so beautiful. - OK - Serena said, reading the paper. - So, we raise eight hundred thousand and four hundred dollars. All the benefit of Be Kind, a new international fund to rescue animals. - She exhibited the famous smile that had been captured by so many photographers in the pages of social and forays and the arm of couturier Blair. Blair had organized hundreds of such things. She knew the protocol. She bent to the microphone .. - Thanks for coming! - She cried, giving the best smile of benefactress. - And do not forget to exchange their gifts Coach ... is the best part of the party! The music started again, higher than before, and all turned to drink and dance. Flow bent his head to Serena and whispered something in her ear. The breath of it was hot and picnic in her ear. He had smell of new leather. Serena laughed. -Wait a minute, okay? Flow assent while Serena took the arm of Blair and is out of Padilla, dragging her friend back to the table for two. - He wants me to find him out there, give us a ride in his limo. Quick, grab your coat. You will also. Blair made a grimace. She really was not the type to hold candle, thank you. - I think not. Serena pretended not to hear. Blair would not let Lassen all his party. Kali, Isabel, Chuck, and Aaron Miles were still seated at the table, drinking the Stole that Chuck had brought in a bottle of silver monogram. - Come on - Serena said to them in jubilation. - Everybody out! Let's do the party in the limo Flow! Blair's got the ticket in his jacket pocket baguette Fend fur of mink and armadillo not exactly free of cruelty. Sometimes the enthusiasm of the Serena bereave irritating. But Blair could not say that I do not like to dance. She liked the idea of being produced walking across the city by car, seeing the world through the glass fum the limo. Audrey Jennifer was so in luxury. And maybe a walk in the mud flow was exactly what his life would become, like magic, a series of disasters for a series of dreams that become reality. Nate was getting half full of both kissing Jenny. He had drunk too much and needed to give even a few tapas. - Want to walk a little? - He asked. Censorious for him. It seemed that the cilia of Nate had been bathed in gold and the hair. The only thing that would leave that evening even more perfect Nate would tell her: "I love you." And she hoped that was exactly what he would do. - Of course - she said anxiously. They got the jackets and Nate kept the door open for when she left the bustle of the hotel. A huge black limousine with darkened windows was parked outside. Nate and Jenny down the marble steps to the sidewalk and Nate tore her hand to turn a slightly based. Jenny jumble of his black suede gloves, disappointed. If Nate was going to say "I love you," she did not want was stoned when he did that. Suddenly the glass of the black limo down and appeared the beautiful blond hair from Serena.- Hey, you there! - She said to Nate and Jenny. - Come on! We are giving a party! Come! Come! As always, Serena was acting on impulse. Even went through her head that they were the last little shit in the world who wanted to see Blair. Jenny always very overgenerous Serena, and riding a car with her and with others who were there seemed exciting and decadent. More exciting than walking the freezing cold while Nate was Dido?o. She touched the arm of Nate. - Can we go?
Nate has to shoulder. Was ready for anything, since that could lead the based with him. - Sure. Why not? The door was opened and Jenny laughed as lively memory on the mass of legs and knees with socks trawler with smocking and if premiere in a tiny corner near the window, next to a girl who wore the shoes most beautiful and seemingly more expensive it now turns. A girl who, incidentally, was the ex-girlfriend of Nate, Blair Waldorf. The face of Jenny was red as tomato and she immediately turned his head to the other side, giving the man with the look of bastard Chuck Bass, the jerk who had tried to give it a squeeze booked the bathroom of the party in Boa Kiss in October . T seeing what happens when you enter a limo without first checking who's there? d can get rid of marriage Daniel Humphrey bite your fingernail pink to Vanessa Abrams and spat in rough brown carpet of his bedroom. The nail was much longer than the other and he was tired of the way it always arranger accidentally. -Hey, that was my guitar unhandy - Vanessa protested, moving his hand with a wrench and examining the damage. Dan laughed. His face is pale brown hair under the contort embarrassed. He rarely cut their hair, but the hair too large combined with the image of poet Grenadines and superabundance it. -As you touch guitar. Vanessa has the shoulders and rub the top of the head and almost black with a scraped knuckle pale. He had huge brown eyes, fair skin and red lips and thin and could even be beautiful, if stopped shave his head. But Vanessa does not call for the beauty, rather the darker side of things, into their ugly. -How do you know? - She said. - During the day I am with you, but at night I play cock. -Do you like music or high - Zomba Dan He pushed the bed and began to tickle her in the armpits. - Your favorite CD is a recording of a tempest with thunder. -Stop it! - Vanessa winch, debating arms and legs and buffalo hysterical. - Daniel Randolph Humphrey, stop it now! Alas they were not so cute? Dan Patton to tickle her and feels. -You said the word prohibited. Vanessa pulled down the neck of black blouse rule on the white belly and slightly chubby. -Randolph, Randolph, Randolph. Who gives a child a middle name that? It seems the name of condoms or porn star or something. Randolph the Lubrication! - Bivouac it. Dan was in complete silence suddenly, Franz enfilade the forehead while the finger in a cigarette burn in the old green army blanket to your bed. Vanessa feels. -Sorry. Homeroom would not nonlinear your middle name and now I am here, laughing at him like a fool. But it was not Dan that was boring -Clark has what, so kind, twenty-two? - He asked. The brown eyes of Vanessa were even greater. Clark was the oldest bartender who was with her before the plug of Dan finally dropped and he understood that he and Vanessa should be more than friends. -Yeah, so what? It is-it bartender. Type stud? -I guess. - She still did not understand where he wanted to reach. Dan shot out of bed and turn on the Camel millionth of the day. Inhale deeply and breathed a bluish-gray vapor in the air over the head of Vanessa. She knew he was trying to appear calm, but his eyes were nervous. -So you ... hammy .. trance, or what? Vanessa first tried to suppress a smile. So that was it. She thought the answer. Half-way. Type-well, that means you did or did not that means? Type-done, but not that much - Vanessa replied slowly. She and Clark transact twice. The first time was in full daylight. She was so ashamed of their bodies that not much attention paid to other things. The second time she felt more relaxed, but still could not understand why this was so good. For her, it was funny so prehistoric. Kind, was exactly the same as all those zebras and hyenas were at the time of mating in those programs over nature. Still, it was legal means have done. It was with that she felt she had more substance, as a story-I was-there-and-done. -I - Dan gave another shot in the cigarette. And then another. He followed the seam of traverse stained coffee. He was a virgin and not Vanessa. He did not know how you feel with regard to that.
Indeed, he knew. He felt nervous, stupid, low, gaunt, pale, strange and completely inappropriate. For what Vanessa had to date and sex with another man? -Look, I know you virgin - Vanessa said abruptly. -But that does not mean we have to continue. - She raised suggestive the thick black eyebrows and smiled. Dan looked at her and smiled, too, the lovely pink cheeks acquiring a heavy constraint. -Really?Vanessa seats and approached it a little. Is. - She put their hands in the chest and pushed him skeleton in bed. Then took the cigarette from his hand and stuck in the old coffee cup that was on the table by half-to-head. -Do not worry - she said with his voice hoarse from more experienced women. -I know what I'm doing. She gently kissed the mouth and started to strip the two. First it took the gray shirt, then took the black she dressed. Was wearing a black top underneath. All that was Vanessa wore black. Dan deep breath and closed his eyes. It was not how he thought would happen. For him, sex was as important as birth and death, one of the most intense poetic experience that a person could have. It was not something you do with a girlfriend when I was bored one night before the evidence of Saturday's middle period. It was one thing when the two had already explored all other ways - intellectual, spiritual and philosophical. Dan came to play with the idea of waiting for sex when they were married ready to have children. He wanted to have five children and give them the name of your favorite writers: Kafka, Goethe, Sartre, Camus and Keats. Even if you do not have to wait until marriage, the first time should be a process of discovery as the two learn to speak a new language. But Vanessa had learned the language with another man. - You have feet and close it - she noted, kneel down on the floor while Dan took the half. Dan felt her feet and departed. -Wait. Vanessa is dragged to bed and was sat next to him, his legs crossed, with that black top and black panties. -What is the problem? -I do not want to do this - Dan crossed the thin arms bare chest. A pair of corduroy was still in the body, but he felt very naked. - I mean, not now. Vanessa extended the hand and arm fagot happily. -I was nervous the first time too. Not so much - she said, reassuring. I promise. Dan swallowed in dry and looked at the ceiling. It was looking upon a crack in the plaster above his head. -I just wanted to wait until it is more ... organic. -All right, said Vanessa slowly. But it is sex-only, save as is. Not a poem. Obviously she did not mean it. For Dan was even a poem. Probably the most important poem he ever wrote. He put the shirt. -I just think better to wait, it's just that. -Okay - Vanessa said, the point of losing patience. Dan was always considering other things, writing about them in his black hood of obloquy until there was nothing else to write. She loved the way his sensitive and romantic, but at least once in life he could be nice and stop thinking so much on things and just follow the damn current. Still, Vanessa was the end of it since the day they met and made friends, three years before. She would not ruin things, now they were finally together. Dan lit another cigarette. Hands tularemia him as ever. Vanessa the couturier again. -Hey, there is not so worried. For me, all right that has not rolled. Okay? He seats. Vanessa took his hand and put the arm of Dan around his shoulders. They returned to lie in bed and Dan blew the smoke into the role of Chinese red lantern while gently agave the bald head of Vanessa with the thumb. I was fortunate to not have to explain both. It was what was cool in dating the best friend. She knew him almost better than he knew himself. The two were lying there for some time, watching the smoke of cigarette Dan float in the air. That was another thing to be legal with the best friend. Not when you have to talk. -Once you start the holidays, I run one more film. Ganesha-broke the silence. - I think that my War and peace may be too dark to send to the University of New York. The latest film by Vanessa was adapted from a scene of war and peace, Tolstoy, and brought as a Prince Dan Andrei addicted to crack. Vanessa had applied to the University of New York and wanted to send one of his movies instead of writing an essay, because it wanted to form in cinema. She could barely wait. Just one more time in Constance Bacillary School for Girls Magellan and neurotic, where (thank God) does not fit into anything, and she was free, free, free! Dan released a long whiff. I did not know with what Vanessa was concerned. The films were combos it, but it was that made it bright. I had as Universalized of New York did not accept it. -If anyone has to worry, that somebody is me - he said, his hands trembling with nervous again. -How so? - Vanessa asked. - A university with a decent program deliberateness means you have to kill. -Yeah, but I speak of Dominion, My poems are even ... - Dan stopped. The poems were his personal, were what they were. And it seemed weird to have a lot of them an official admission in any of Columbia, or Brown, or Vassar, as if his soul denudation and a complete stranger could not have read the works of Goethe, Sartre and Camus and not understand your references oblique to them. -Did you know that you can even try to publish their stuff? - Vanessa suggested. -That would leave the staff of the university's admission completely convinced about you. Dan put the cigarette end of empty cigarette in a can of Coca-Cola. -Yeah, okay - he said. He liked to write, but no way is ready to send your stuff to a publisher. Not even find your voice yet. He knew that. Each new poem that I wrote seemed different from the older. Vanessa is seated again. -What? I'm talking Rosario.Vocab should do that. Dan dumbfound further in blankets. -Whatever - he muttered without enthusiasm. I was not ready for sex and not Protestant to be published. Now she felt even more inadequate. Vanessa knew that when I was back Coloradan. She breathed fund and channeled his inner kitten, one that just came out of his corner in hot heater when Dan needed a strong kiss on his cute face. She delirious covered under the breast and kissed him. -One more week and we can spend all the time so the holidays - she muttered. Unlike most members of the class at Constance Bacillary and Riverside Prep, or Vanessa or Dan would have a glamorous travel holidays of Christmas. Vanessa lived with older sister, a bassist, Ruby, in an apartment in Williams burg, in Brooklyn. Parents of them were artists of the future, always lived in Vermont and spent the Christmas on a tour with his troupe perforation. Dan and sister Jenny, lived with her father, Rufus, a communist writer and editor, beat poets known anything, not believed in Christmas, Hanukkah or in, or in any other holy days, indeed. -Daddy will make his annual lasagna on Thursday - and Dan went back in the hands of Vanessa, allowing them to relax again. He loved the softness and firmness of her back, which were not full of ribs as him. - Are you coming, right? She gave the shoulders.-Sure. But tell your father that I will not eat like a pig as did last year. It is another thing that I am giving a time. I lost three kilos. Dan continued afagando the back of Vanessa. -Why? - He asked. Vanessa did not need to diet. The body of it was exactly as she described in one of his poems: as water. -Because my clothes are better if I do fall. - Vanessa was not interested in being magrela, as the majority of colleagues in class, but not like when it had to shrink the belly button to your pants. -Well, I like you as you are - Dan said, and the nose in her ear. Vanessa turned her head to him and his lips met in a long, sweet kiss. While kissing, she could not stop thinking about sex with Dan could be much more significant than had been with Clark. At least Dan was ready. -I love you - she whispered, closing the it. Vanessa thought for some time to ask again if he wanted to try sex, but would not estegar the moment. Only had to wait until he was ready, but with Dan it could mean waiting until they were married or something. So it seems they no longer acted as if they were not married. Excuse me, I will yawn. J regret to participate if the party In the backseat of the limo Flow, Blair felt squeezed by peituda of Jenny Humphrey desengo?ado and the friend of Aaron, Miles, the drummer spindly. On the other side of them was in the lap of Serena Flow - "To make room for others," she said - and Nate press in the window, getting stoned. He also was based for the past Kali, Elizabeth and Chuck, which was even more irritating than stoned drunk. Aaron was sitting cross-legged on the floor, between the two rear seats, smoking a cigarette of their Natural playing PlayStation 2's limo. - What is your real name indeed? - Serena asked the Flow, but already knew, for a program of MTV, that his name was Julian prosper. Indeed it is a name much better than Flow, but would not say it to him. He gave his famous risinho of shy guy caught in the covers Spins, Rolling Stone, Entertainment Weekly and Interview and shook his head. - It is not so important - Well, you is not so beautiful person - she said turning her head to the other side with a wicked smile. She was lying, of course. He was at least ten times more beautiful than the pictures, if that is possible. Serena knew he was flirting in a ridiculous, but she loved how the dark-brown hair is wound in the Flow of temples, the skin a golden bronze and his fingers seemed delicate. Why not get the guy? It was only for one night. Tomorrow Flow would return to Cos Angel, or wherever they lived, and she finally begin to look for evidence. All that she wanted was a little fun. All that Serena wanted was a little fun all the time. Flow back, pretending to be ashamed of their good looks. - Sorry. I think I am not so high as well. He bent forward and opened the Sub-Zero refrigerator bottom of your bank. - Hey, you drink here. Someone there is headquartered? - I please - Blair replied immediately. Getting drunk and was the only way to support something like that. - hammy, I try a little - is Jenny ventured timidly. The limo was a shift in a sewage and cover their breasts quicaram without mercy. She looked at Nate on whether he had noticed, but he was looking through the window with one way air when it took was extremely stoned. Miles helped fill the Flow ten Crustal champagne flutes with. He spent one to Blair. - Tintim - he said, hitting the cup on her. Blair took the cup, and was not seated near the window and had nothing to look at, looked at the face of Miles. He had round eyes and brown-gold, half similar to the eyes of Mookie, the dog of Aaron. The insolent nose and a half was dotted snub of blond hair and freckles pequenininhas clear-spike straight up. Ajulgar the way the jump from neck veins long, he probably knitting, playing basketball or something. In all, he seemed a little drawing of a character in a body of athlete. But as Blair had nothing better to do, and it was clear that he was to her, she thought it could be fun way paquerar Miles. She put her hand on his leg. - Thank you. - She took a sip of champagne. Miles smiled as we thought it was the beginning of a beautiful friendship. Flow could not stop drooling for Serena. - You are the most beautiful girl I met recently .- he muttered in her ear. - Maybe forever. I can not believe that it is not model or actress or anything like that. Serena plunged fingers on the glass of champagne and put in the mouth. Considering how he was famous, she thought it would be Flow convinced all soft and full of chat, but he was surprisingly candid. If it were not a rock star so beautiful, it could have been a total lack of style, but he was a rock star's so beautiful, so she decided to leave this detail go. - No - she said. - I'm just me. Indeed, pictures of Serena were constantly appearing in social columns and magazines, she not only paid for them - not needed. Flow continued facing Serena. Serena laughed. - Stop it. - Ahhhh, baby - Chuck said in a nasty, pulling the joint. -Someone is getting someone today, he closed his eyes. It seemed he was about to faint. - I am dying of hunger - grunhiu Kali. She opened the door of the ashtray of the limo and then closed. - Do you have anything to eat? - I think all ... half-unpleasant said Isabel with eyes jumping head. Aaron looked up to find Blair sitting very close to Miles, her hand inn bluntly in his knee. Without ending the game, he turned off the PlayStation 2 and stood up, squeezing between the two in the bank. - Ai - Emerge Blair when his skinny ass carnations in her hips. - Well, come around, then - said Aaron. - Hey, where are we, anyway? - He asked the Flow. Flow increased their long fingers in endless musical hair of the shoulders and gave Serena.
- At the center. Maybe stop at a nightclub. Jenny shook a flute of champagne and contort it in the bank. Was legal for them to go to a nightclub. They seemed older than they were and probably had false identities. Despite breasts, Jenny seemed to have about ten years.Even asking the wallet in her section of Blockbuster's porn! The last thing I wanted to see the world was entering the door of a nightclub while the cool-de-lion farm kindly asked her if it had not spent the time to go to bed. She should have gone with Nate floor. When they play more when they were alone than when they were with other people. - Nate? - She is bent forward and took his hand. - I should go home early. - I spent a little after midnight and she had to get home at a time, in any way. Contrary to popular belief, Nate was not completely dead to the world. He realized Blair is playing for that guy all the hair stuck magrelo never seen that before, and also realized that Jenny seemed a little uncomfortable. But when things get weird, Nate tends to leave the air and wait for someone else to take the initiative. - OK - he said, coming out of the trance. -Let 's get out of here. A marijuana that he brought was very smooth and he wanted to go to a noisy nightclub. After leaving Jenny at home, he could call the phone of Jeremy and to meet the boys in the bar Rivingtonwith black cozy room, where they could sit on the couch and smoking marijuana with no one to bother them. - Hey - he shouted, banging on the glass between the bank and the driver .- You can stop here? Blair smiled. Will had annoyed both the Nate wanted to leave because he could not see it with your hands on another man? - Oh, Natie. Do not want to go with us? - Serena asked. Nate has to shoulder. - I have to take Jenny home - he said. Jenny made a frown. The driver of the limousine stopped the car and opened the back door for them. Nate and Jenny jumped cambaleou beyond. - Bye! - She screamed excited for all that remained inside the car. Across the affected bank Chuck smiled at her, eyes a few cracks. - What Peninha - grunhiu him. Jenny was not sure what he meant, but I was sure that was something perverted. - See you! - Serena replied, the only person who really recognized that she was leaving. - Good luck in the tests! Nate and Jenny were in silence in the taxi during the race for the uptown. Nate was happy to see the shops and restaurants that passed zunindo, silently counting from one to twenty non-stop in your head of doid?o. Jenny sat with the legs crossed twice, backwards from what was wrong. It was mainly the fault of her, reasons. It was she who wanted a ride in the limo, to get started. The taxi stopped in front of the building of 99 with Jenny in the West End Avenue. She took the doorknob. - Hey - Nate said, touching the sleeve of her coat. He could not let her leave without a good night. Stoned or not, he had a good creation, and creation came with good manners. He kissed the face, the hair color of her skin ro?ando sand. - Good night - he said with a sweet smile child. Jenny return the smile, trying desperately to forget the last minute and pretend that the night had ended with the same perfection with which it began. - Good night - she said, suddenly reluctant to leave. - Sleep well - Nate said, eyes faiscando in green light. Ai. Sometimes he could be so incredibly adorable! With overflowing heart of true love, Jenny broke the door of the taxi and went to the lobby of the building. Instead of taking the elevator, she ran the eight flights of stairs and broke out in the apartment. - Hi - greeted, Dan, his older brother. Was coming from the corridor, taking two cups of Folgers instant coffee back to the room. -Hi. Jenny took the coat of black leather and fake shot in a chair in the corner. The jacket was hanging on the back of the chair for a second, then slipped to the floor. Nobody would understand it. The large apartment of four rooms no way effective cleaning for years. - How was it? - Dan asked The turquoise pendant in the shape of a star that Nate had it was hanging on his neck. Jenny touched him to calm down. - It was all right. - She looked at the mugs in the hands of Dan - Vanessa is still there? Dan seats. I could feel that something was taking. - You are. Want to come and stay with us a bit? Jenny and Dan gave it right, but it was not always so nice to her. - OK - she agreed, followed by the runner-up to his room. Vanessa was sitting in bed, even in black top and panties. - Hi, Jennifer. - She took a cup of coffee with Dan - I still want to get well, right? Jenny seats. Only Nate and Vanessa called to Jennifer. Nate did so was because she had when they met in the park. And because Vanessa had asked Jenny. Vanessa was always nice to her. When dealing with the respect. The bed was messed up to Dan and Vanessa were the clothes of the floor. It was clear to Jenny that Dan and Vanessa had fuck. Standing in the doorway, was constrained to move on. - Can I ask you a question? - She said finally. She did not know which of the two and was wondering, why did not care to have two answers. - Sure - Vanessa said, drinking coffee with their hands around the hot cup. - You can tell me honestly what you think of Nate? Dan wrinkle the forehead. He and Nate were not the same school, but by coincidence he went to Brown with Nate and Serena van der Woodsen and friends of Nate doid?es last month. So that could mean, Nate maconheiro was just a rich and beautiful. Nothing was wrong with him, but was not particularly special, too. Which means that Dan killed his sister was pretty smart and wasting time with a guy who would hurt her. But at the same time, Dan could understand why Jenny was so in love with Nate. He was older, first, and was the kind of guy with beautiful and popular girl who all want to leave. At least, until realizing how he was boring. Basically, Dan was the concern that ranheta Nate Jenny was pressing to do things she was not ready to do, but Jenny had arrived at home almost an hour before and did not seem upset or anything, so he decided not touch the subject. Vanessa has to shoulder. Nate was the type of idiotinha of preparatory school who lost no time, but she did not want to hurt the feelings of Jenny saying that. - I do not know him well, but all the girls of Constance always speak of him. I think I must make a good boyfriend. Dan seats. - Yeah. - That was the way to put the decent thing. Jenny wrinkle the forehead. - OK - she said, feeling more confused than ever. - I think I take a bath. She closed the door of the room and Dan went to the room. He gives a good boyfriend, repeated to herself. What the hell that mean? She wanted not only a good boyfriend. She wanted what Gustave Klimt had captured so perfectly in the kiss. That feeling of electric radiant and hug-me-if-not-strong-I-sank on who is in love. Well, not all is what we want, honey? we must be cruel to be kind At the time the limo encostou in Gorgona, the new nightclub in the trendy Lower East Side, Kati, Isabel and Chuck slept in a kind of twisted monturo of hair, scarves, bags, jackets and legs in the backseat of the limo. Blair, Serena, Flow, And Aaron Miles were on the sidewalk looking at them. - Thank God - said Blair. If I had to hear Kati or Isabel do more of a stupid and plates seuscomenterios on how everything seemed purple or something, she would scream. - They seem dolls - Serena noted. - You want me to wake up? - Miles is offered. - No! - The two girls shouted in unison. - Hey, Miles - said Aaron. - This is not one of the clubs of his father? Miles corou and looked at his brilliant black Prada shoes. - It - Blair thought it was really cute way how he was embarrassed. - Legal - Flow spent the naked fingers around the fingers of enluvados Serena. Ready-to shake? Serena was feeling dizzy and that was crazy when I did not know well what would happen next. It was his feeling preferred. She shook his hand. - Definitely. They went to the door of the club. The lion-of-country house was pulling a red velvet rope for them to pass. - Wait - Blair said, stopping when reminded of the rude comment that Chuck had done earlier that night. Now it was the chance to have a sweet revenge and cheap. - You have a pen? - Flow dig up from the pocket of the tuxedo jacket of a black Sharpie felt the tip of the hand that had to give autographs. Blair is bent to the limo, with care not to rub the sleeve of the coat of the nose while Chuck wrote "Take this Mane home" on his forehead. Then hit the door of the limo. - Thank you. - She returned the pen to Flow. They passed by the huge lion-of-farm bearded and velvet rope. - Hmmm - Aaron said, hesitating. He opened and closed his Zippo. - I think I will go home. I have a lot of stuff to look tomorrow. Blair goggle. - So? I also have. - Want to go home with me? - Offered up Aaron.
Blair looked at Serena, who shook his head inflexible. - Are you sure you want to go? - Asked to Aaron Miles. -It is very nice inside. And I can use the private room. - Other - Flow said with gratitude. Aaron shook his head. He was left and knew it.- Yes. See you. The four observed down to the street with their hands in the pockets of the tuxedo pants, a skirt of the shirt swinging behind him. After Flow Serena grabbed and pulled by the waist, running to her door by the club. - The last to come is a fool! - She screamed. Blair was about to run after them when Miles took her hand. - Hey. Do you mind if I do something before we go? Blair looked at him. No, she did not care. After all, she who had placed his hand on his leg in the car. Miles is bent and kissed oh-so-to-mouth delicacy. It was a polite kiss of gentleman.
- I was waiting for this all night - he confessed with a shy smile.
Blair was trying to maintain the attitude or not-to-there-of Serena.Ela could do that. I could have fun with a man casually whatever was nothing like Nate. Moreover, after that night, she was not needed to see Miles again if not wanted. She gave a coy smile. - I think we are fools - she said, raise the chin while Miles to kiss again. And this time the kiss was nothing polite. In more or less three thousand words, write about a person that has inspired you deeply. Calls to demonstrate the effect of that person in your life with the greatest specificity as possible. BlairWaldorf test of the proposal to the University of Yale December 18 Audrey Hepburn was born in Brussels on May 4, 1929, daughter of a Dutch baroness and an executive of Anglo-Irish. His name was on the birth certificate Audrey Kathleen van Heemstra Ruston. When I was three weeks old, got sick of whooping and heart stopped, but his mother determined to raised, giving him a pat. Although it was only a baby, Audrey must have learned a lesson that day because the rest of his life, even when I was sick, she lived in the most full. Whenever I feel dominated by the pressures of my evidence of advanced courses or pull on my agenda, I think of Audrey and I feel inspired. I believe that if we dedicate ourselves and work for a very objective, be rewarded. Audrey was rewarded for being discovery by ... Gossipgirl.net ___________________________________________________________________themes / previous / next / do a question / answer warning: all the real names of places, people and events were curtailed to protect the innocent. I mean, I do. Hi, guys! The famous are even more interesting than ordinary people? We talk as if they met. We read everything that falls on them in our hands. We were sad when they go through a difficult phase or happy when they marry or earn an Oscar. Criticize the haircut of them, when they realized fatten or weight loss, until we have the fantasy of being friends of them. And of course they have beautiful clothes, lots of houses and carte blanche to all the new restaurant of fashion. But we also have. The truth is that the only thing that makes the famous interesting is that they are famous. Unless, of course, that they really are interesting as ... well, like me, for example. Flagra S and Flow - is that Flow, we have received the MTV Music Award for best debut of disk - dancing done some crazy monkeys in Gorgona on Saturday night. After that, they were seen entering the Tribeca Star - to get a room, perhaps? Rascals, Rascals. I'm sure that we know all about it in the tabloids amanh?.B and a new man, which we call M, also in Gorgona, sharing a romantic cigarette in canto.K, I and C seemed confused as if they had stumbled out of the a limo parked just before dawn, when the driver stopped to get gasoline somewhere near the Third Avenue Bridge. Fortunately the driver was nice enough to take them back home, who was walking by the place deles.A Fifth Avenue using your tuxedo, looking sadder than deserves a cute skytech of rasta. Your email Q: Hi, gg I know from reliable source that flow is gay. The only reason to go with it s is for people who think he is straight. -snoopy A: Dear snoopy, I noticed the ball Black-and-white shoes that it seemed half of smoking in tight ass, then you may be right! -GG Q: Hey, GG, I am the class of M in Bronxdale, and was to him and his car by type so, about two years. It is so cute as he always batuca on the table during the class, and he has an old orange Porsche. I do not know what he is doing with B. It is a serious piranha, p capital. Olive - A: Dear Olive, Ta seeing what happens when you give puerility? The p passed him a trick. Ha! I am a poet and did not even know it. Seriously now, even if you never come in M, can ask him for a ride in that sweet old Porsche him. -GG One last word on the evidence Do not shake. I know that is the last notes that count for college, but you know it. And if you do not know, it is too late to learn. Take a bath with Dead Sea salts, place your purple silk pajamas favorite Versace, drink a glass of Cristal, paint your nails with the new color that got in the Chanel counter at Bendel's and take a sleep of beauty. You're much better than if you fill up late reminder cards with notes idiots who will never be able to read the morning. Good luck. I'll cross our fingers for you! For you who love me, gossip girl. by girlfriends of celebrities are proof Monday was the first day of the week of evidence of mid-year, and the girls sitting in their portfolios in the classroom of the third floor, using the gray wool skirts supercurtas the uniform, black TSE Cashmere sweaters from the neck rule , black panties and mocassins Wolford of black suede Gucci, bent on the terms of proof blue, scribbler madly. Blair was in the front row, close to the inspector, who by chance was the jerk of a professor of cinema, Mr. Beckham, it also by chance desprezava because he had a C in the last article on cinema. The article was about the films of Woody Allen and as they do not identify with most American viewers because they were not in New York and were not the neurotic who lived there. Now, despite being the Midwest, Mr. Beckham was fanatic by Woody Allen. He called the article by Blair to''condescending''. That stupid. The race began with a series of issues that had to be answered in a brief descriptive paragraph. The first question was: Qu'est-ce que vous voulez faire pendant votre temps libre? "What you do in your free time?" That was beyond easy. Blair liked to buy shoes extraordinarily well designed and expensive, eating steak with fries, drinking Ketel One with tonic with Serena and smoking too much. In the summers she liked tennis. Nate used to kiss in bed while Jennifer luxury rolava DVD in the background, but now was not more so. She was too busy doing all other things. The next question was: Decrivez votre famille. "Describe your family." Blair released a sigh of despair. It was almost fluent in French, then she knew the words to "homosexual futile", "crazy fool" and "Mane fat and omega", which was describe as the sincerity with father, mother and stepfather. But Madame Rogers, his teacher of French, had no sense of humor, then it was unlikely that impressed with the description of Blair. Instead, Blair generously described his father as an "elegant companion whose favorite hobby is the same as mine: buy shoes", the mother as "a good kind of blonde who forgot the name if no one remembered for her" and stepfather as "a happy man with a chuckle and an unusual taste for clothes, "The brother, Tyler, was easy:" It can be very beautiful when growing, but the best friends it is the PlayStation 2 and the collection of discs of the 1980s. "And Aaron remained. Blair made a break for a second. Elagostava of Aaron, although he was acting in a quiet environment and taciturn lately. In the scale of half brother he could have been much worse. Blair smiled and said with herself, my new half-brother, Aaron, you'll probably save the world. Ready. They were just the coolest things I would say about someone. The next question was: Imaginez qu'un djinn appears sur votre epaule pour vous dire qu'il vous a accordera seul want. Quel serait votre want? Blair batucou the number two pencils on the table of wood. What would she ask? She wanted to get into Yale, is obvious. And wanted her mother and Cyrus were on honeymoon forever for it to not have to live with them or see them if passionate kissing in public all the time. She wanted Nate is changed to the Antarctic to never have to touch him or that his girlfriend. She also wanted a pair of very leather boots with caramel jump 10 mosey; only had not yet found the right pair. And a sheep-jacket. And one of fox fur hat with ears coverage. She does not really care who the father was gay, but he wanted to find a boyfriend to live in New York rather than in France, so that he could take her to shop more often. And Serena wanted to be the class of advanced French to close that they feel during the race tickets and go crazy on all the stories that newspapers today count on Serena and Flow. It also means that he wanted her and Nate had followed in front and back when they were together so it was not more virgin. And it means that I have not been agreed to so late on Saturday with Miles, Flow and Serena, because it was still half of hangover. Moreover, Miles had called her twice yesterday and left messages on the answering machine, although she had given to him specifically a false number to never hear about it. Until now was thinking about resuming the links. Saturday night was fun, but the last thing they needed now was a new boyfriend.Mr. Beckham gave a noisy hawk, Blair raised his eyes and sees the evidence. He had yellow hair. No yellow of blond, but yellow mucus as a serious patient. The eyes of both were found and Mr. Beckham did something strange: it was red. Excusez-moi? Blair distracted eyes, scared. Balan?aram his feet nervously as she looked the question. Vous avez une desire. What desirez vous? She wanted very professorzinho film that she hated the thought of not the impression that it was in order. I wanted to be on the beach right now, instead of freezing your butt in a classroom barely heated. I have taken the breakfast because it was dead from hunger. I'd like a lot of things, but could only answer one. Blair said he wanted to go to Yale, but seemed totally redundant for a trainee secondary say that I go to a university, but it was better than reveal some juicy personal details to Madame Rogers, anyway. So she designed a high-heeled botinha margin in terms of evidence and looked for Mr. Beckham again. He was still looking for her, his face a shade of thick reddish-purple. What he was doing? Up to the murder of her or wonder how Blair would be of panties? She turned eyes, disgusted. He looked at the clock Cartier platinum. Another hell of an hour ahead. Next question. Two floors below Blair, in the auditorium of the Constance Billard School, Serena was ralando with proof of American history. No. Serena was not exactly the type that ralava. She had already counted the number of tips on his tail-of-horse - nine - and had answered the question about the English involvement in the Second World War with a very short essay about how during the war there were shortages of everything and the British had to open hand of nylon socks because there was not available. Instead, these courageous women, aware of the fashion industry and painting lines on the back of the leg to give the impression that they were wearing stockings. Serena sighed. Then a girl probably spent a night with a guy and not have your picture filling all the gossip pages of the next day. Photos of Serena and Flow in Gorgona appeared on the Post, in Entertainment Weekly, the People, the Women's Wear Daily and on countless Web pages, all calling both "the new couple 'it'''. That was ridiculous. She gave a kiss-off in Flow amanhecia on the sidewalk when the bar of the Tribeca Star Hotel on Sunday, and he went out to catch a private plane to Baja, where they would redo some of the scenes clip for the new music from 45, Life of Krim, before leaving for Christmas. He was incredibly sweet and the two had a great night, but they definitely were not a couple. A couple meant that the two see every day. Meant that they were in love. And while she and Flow could have been half in lust, they definitely were not lovers, despite the fact he has sent flowers to her. Three dozen black tulips difficult-to-find, to be exact. Serena was accustomed to winning in these guys, so the flowers do not have, since Flow not begin to send him things every day. Sometimes a guy could exaggerate a little. Consider Dan Humphrey, for example. He followed Serena as a puppy when she returned to school in the fall, and even wrote poems that were so serious and sick of love that came to scare. Serena like that of Dan, but he was way too intense. Lucky for her, he fell in love with Vanessa, who was also intense, and they formed a great couple. But Serena was not interested in combining with anyone. She emphasized the independence, their ability to follow the whims and do what it liked. She made a clean impulsive - form a casalzinho only restrict his style. Serena started the next question: When the U.S. armed forces entered the Second World War and why? A more pertinent question would be: Where is she would use this knowledge? The answer was totally obvious: never! Who to call what happened in the past when the future was in front of you, with surprises and sensational loucuras inenarraveis hiding behind every curve? Someone gave her a pat on the shoulder and looked at Serena. Mr. Hanson was the teacher of Latin and inspector of the evidence of history. He was tall, thin and had a mustache who was always exactly the same size so that all the girls of Constance were convinced that it was false. - What? - Serena said, functioning. She knew that was divagando, but could not be in trouble for it is written evidence could? - I did something wrong? Then she realized that Mr. Hanson had a smile beneath the mustache. He put a copy of the Post in her hands. I turned on page six, the gossip page of the celebrities, where there was a huge picture of Serena and Flow entering a taxi after leaving Gorgona on Saturday night. - Sorry to interrupt, but I realized that you were finishing the race and I was wondering if it would be possible to ask for autograph Flow this - he whispered. - I am a big fan of him. It would be great if you autograph. Serena blinked. First, she did not even know that Mr. Hanson was cool enough to know who was Flow. Second, she did not intend to ask nothing to Flow. And third - If ligaaaa! She was nowhere near finishing the race! - The Flow is in Baja - she whispered back. - OK if I only autograph? - She gave a look at the room, embarrassed. Most of the other girls had stopped writing and was looking for her and for Mr. Hanson or talking. - I knew that Serena and Flow are engaged - Nicki Burton said the friend Alicia Edwards. - They will be married on the eve of New Year-in Vegas. In the Bellagio. - The Post said they met in the Black-and-White on Saturday - Isabel Coates said the Kati Farkas. - But it is not quite true. - They met in the recovery last year, right? - Kati said. - Flow was recovering, so kind, a dozen times. But it also. Serena signed his name and returned the paper to Mr. Hanson, hoping that he would not give him a bad note in Latin, now that she does not pegara autograph of the Flow. - Thanks - he whispered, looking to sign it. He smiled all excited. - I am sure it will worth a fortune one day! - Sure - Serena said, being lenient with him. The buzz in the room was getting louder. - Very good, girls. Back to work - roughly shouted Mr. Hanson returned to his desk while in front of the room. Serena looked at the evidence again. When the American forces entered the Second World War and why? But before he could begin to respond, came a swarm of dozens of members of the class, all holding copies of the Post for her autograph. Mr. Hanson could not tell them to stop when he was himself who started everything. - Very well - he said, ignoring the pleading eyes of Serena. - I will give the five minutes all the more in our evidence. Five minutes, then I want to return to their portfolios. - First I! - Rain Hoffstetter shouted, extending his copy of the Post for Serena. - No, me! - It was the turn of Laura Salmon shouting, pushing Rain to the side. Serena laughed to herself in amazement. When he returned to school two months before, was considered a leper. And now everyone wanted his autograph. She hesitated, the pen placed on top of the photo copy of Laura. Then she wrote in her typical letter full of turns: For you who love me, Serena. sex, love and Frankenstein Proof of English learners in the Riverside Prep was notoriously long and difficult, but Dan was not worried. I had read of Frankenstein Mary Shelley twice and save the majority of Keats's poems in his memory anthological. Moreover, sleeping until he could write a test of English for a decent A. After building a Rouxinol''Ode''as completely as could, he turned the blue book of evidence and started writing a new poem that was espetava that turn into something that could send the proposal to the university. Dan in general never wrote anything that was not full of poems of love angotia. This is called''For Vanessa 'Paper Cuts Lemons thrown Salt water in my eyes He was experiencing a new form of free verse and was not sure were some great lines. His face A voice You softens my edges And my engine lubricates Lubricates my engine? No, that seemed too much sex and he did not want to give Vanessa no idea where to generally show the poem to her. What he meant was that she inspired. Dan looked at the words and tried to think of a better way to say it. Then he pulled the sheet of paper from a notebook and amassou ball. Why could not write anything good? Dan felt that the observed someone and looked to the left, where Chuck Bass, one of the biggest assholes of his class, was sitting. In the fifth series, Chuck was one of the lowest in the boys class. Wore glasses with rims of horn and brown suits of velvet and it had seemed to go to the bathroom all the time. He and Dan have done together in fifth grade English teacher and the two asked in class, to write a poem about a part of the body. Chuck had a dreadful creative writing and passed a note to Dan Dan begging to write a poem for him. Writing was easy for Dan, he said the first thing that came to mind, a poem on his hands and all that they did it for a day. He gave the poem to Chuck, so he copy, and then prepared another poem about his own mouth that had n?ao nor the quality of the first half. Chuck took the poem A + with the hands and received a note from the teacher saying, See Q ue can do when focused? While Dan achieved a B in the poem of the mouth and a note that said the teacher, I know you can do better. In the beginning, Dan does not matter. At least he had helped a boy who seemed really need help. But a year later Chuck was 45 centimeters high, began to shave and use the ring pink monogram and navy blue scarf, and has become a real jerk, especially when it came to girls. He was trying to hurt the sister of Dan, Jenny, in a bathroom at a party booked in the month passado.Dan left very clear that Chuck mortally hated, but this did not matter. From time to time he also asked to Dan to help you in English, and Dan would say it a''fuck you''again. Now that Chuck was looking for the blue book of Dan, trying to read the test on his''Ode to a Rouxinou'', Dan became a blank page and said, can read this, asshole? Fuck you! in huge black letters. Chuck espiou the blue book of Dan and then looked at cimea and showed the middle finger to Dan NO, fuck YOU!, Said Dan and underlined twice. Before moving to the next question, Dan releu some of verss''Ode to a Rouxinol''in its evidence. Secretly listen, and for a long time I was fascinated by the way light of Death. It was the perfect beginning of a poem to Vanessa. It was his secret. And that was true, Dan was half in love with death, the way they made a chimney smoked, rarely ate and drank buckets of coffee. Vanessa is the left. She kept the alive. Dan picked up the pen again and tried to think of a more poetic sucista to write the same thing as Keats had written, but different. But even if working a lot, he could not think of another way of saying the same cosia that was at least nice. Instead, he read the next issue of proof. We discussed in class the various meanings of the symbolic creature similar to humans Frankster of Mary Shelley. But what Frankster mean to you? Dan looked at the plate Output in bright red on the door of the gym, thinking. He always felt very scary Frankster, ms also very beautiful in some way. Frankenstein did not want to hurt anyone, but could not avoid - was a monster. In a way, was as the love and wonderful horrible, terrifying and liberating, creepy and sad, all at the same time. Tremendous creative energy, Dan pa'gina turned the blank on the back of a sheet of blue book and wrote to Vanessa again on top of the page. Then wrote the first verse: You're my Frankenstein. Oh, well. Want to know how was the second verse? Vanessa was sitting in the back of the auditorium of Constance Billard School doing the same proof of history of Serena. We discussed in class the various meanings of the symbolic creature similar to humans Frankster of Mary Shelley. But what Frankster mean to you? Dan looked at the plate Output in bright red on the door of the gym, thinking. He always felt very scary Frankster, ms also very beautiful in some way. Frankenstein did not want to hurt anyone, but could not avoid - was a monster. In a way, was as the love and wonderful horrible, terrifying and liberating, creepy and sad, all at the same time. Tremendous creative energy, Dan pa'gina turned the blank on the back of a sheet of blue book and wrote to Vanessa again on top of the page. Then wrote the first verse: You're my Frankenstein. Oh, well. Want to know how was the second verse? Vanessa was sitting in the back of the auditorium of Constance Billard School doing the same proof of history of Serena. He had finished the race 45 minutes earlier and now. while plugged Members of the class were still around Serena workers as bees around the queen just because Serena had been photographed with that tasteless and illiterate musical singer of a band of the weekend, Vanessa was tracing the route of a movie about the city that she hoped to deliver University of New York as part of its proposal. Fuck the Page Six. Would document the real life that rolava in the city, the really interesting things that happen right under the nose of people while they are occupied by reading the Page Six.Primeiro, she wanted to wake before dawn and shot the fishermen coming to the port to deliver the fish the FIDH Fulton Market. The smell of fish on sick leave, but one thing was perfect: it could follow the journey of a fish from the boat to the market, which would be sold by type so, 65 cents per kilo, and some of the uptown restaurant where he would be served encrusted of pistachio with red potatoes and wild mushroom butter from the dish for $ 29. An anorexic twice divorced from Park Avenue to ask, would give only a few nibble and then the rest of the dish would be thrown away.It was exactly the kind of irony that Vanessa loved: a bittersweet irony. She was pessimistic and Dan was a romantic, and she could not understand why Dan had spun so disturbed with sex. For her, the more Dan and the more he hoped the oversized sex, writing poems about it and losing sleep for concern, most were for the disappointment. But she could not find a delicate way to do it see it unless it and tie up his clothes off. What it is bad idea. Vanessa smiled to herself and the thoughts turned to film. After the fish market she wanted to spend the day with one of those strips that ciclicstas always cycling in pairs by the Central Park and that never seemed to connect all the boys in Sheep Meadow were doid?es and beer bebessem age without having to do it. What she wanted was discovered was that they already arrested someone, or if you were trying to tone up the muscles of the legs with all those headed. Indeed, the police department that she probably would not film the police on a bicycle without any permission, but was not a bad idea at all. Finally, she wanted to go out with a hot dog vendor. See his house, the damilia it, the dog. See if he had regular customers. If perhaps, while expecting that people buy hot-dogs, he read a book challenging, type The rainbow of the seriousness of Thomas Pynchon, and dreamed of leading men a day. Or maybe he just fiasse happy to be a seller of hot dog and eat hot dog every day for free. A movement in front of the room drew the attention of Vanessa. The lemingues of Constance were moving away from the chair of Serena. -Thank you, girls. And thank you, Serena - shouted Mr. Hanson. - Ten more minutes. Vanessa was looking as Serena again seperar earnestly the tips of the hair. Serena and Dan should have the movie star of War and Peace Vanessa last October. But Dan had agifo like an idiot around Serena and Vanessa could not bear, so she asked a girl who barely knew how to act the role of protagonist. In Serenaentrou of Dan, but only for five seconds. And before that Serena could cause a lot of damage, Vanessa attacked the head scraped the rule collar and black boots to fight to restore his heart broken. Vanessa descruzou legs and crossed again. The idea of rescuing a bad Dan did want to love sex with him even more. She sighed impatiently. Holidays, she and Dan would spend much time together with little supervision of adults. Whether he was ready or not, it was only a matter of time before they did. Ta seeing? Despite the tough way for Vanessa and her disdain for the whole human species, it was not just another curious girl of 17 years. We are all equal. n can not stop thinking about butt of b Nate was in Jackson Hole lunch with Anthony Avuldsen, Charlie Dern and Jeremy Scott Tornpkinson in the interval between the evidence of calculating and chemistry. The proof of calculation had been quarry total and all were reloading with burgers, fries and Cocas to pass by the chemical, which probably would be much worse. Nate thought that the restaurant should invest in some of ceiling fans to remove the smell of fried onions that hangs in the air. He also thought about Jenny and Blair in that way not very defined and carefree that tended to use most of the things. Jennifer did not know of since the evening of Saturday, which was weird, because in general she sent text messages, small encrypted by phone or e-mails fresh short in his address to the St. Jude's School. Maybe she just was busy studying for tests. Nate and took away the plate of the Nokia pocket. Doeria not have anything for her a text message, just to keep morale high during the tests. Oh, how much consideration. Srt good!, He said. Qnta trde you lv cmprs bj N. Jeremu his arms stretched thin and turned his head to relax the neck. -Hey, who you 're telling the torpedo, man? - He was a little boy and a half idiot, so skinny that I could not keep the pants at the waist, but offset that with the haircut of the rock star of English and a way to talk about doid?o. Nate has the shoulders. -Nothing that is in your account. Anthony put a bunch of ketchup-soaked fries in the mouth. He played in almost all the sports teams of the St. Jude's, then you could eat chips all day and still continue curvy. -Hey, I noticed that Blair was very hot on Saturday night - he said. Nate assentiu while it had an image of the head butt mesh of Blair with the tight black dress. Blair was just fine. - Of course she does not have the teats of Jennifer - Antonhy added. The boys had stopped by Nate sacanear dating a student of eighth grade for some time, but from time to time made a reference to the enormous breasts of Jenny. It was hard not to make way. Nate smiled. After the forehead wrinkle, trying to remember how Jennifer was on Saturday, but just what came to mind was a jumble of brown curls, the neckline estupenso and his shy smile. He took a few drinks of Coca, the semicerrando look beautiful green and thinking hard. What actually happened very rarely. It was weird, but Nate never really sat down and compared the two girls. He loved to Jennifer - it was less demanding than Blair and a half that left with their own thoughts, while Blair always wanted to know in what he was thinking or where he went and with whom. Jenny did not pressure the way Blair did, like forcing him to apply for Yale so that they could live together near the campus or give him expensive gifts so that he felt obliged to reciprocate the gesture and buy something for it, too. And Jenny had those incredible breasts, while the Blair were only half there. Were legal, but not spectacular. Despite the defects of Blair, however, he always felt that the two actually knew - afianl, they were reared together. And throughout the time girlfriend, he felt that was going toward something. There was a destination, as the red pin that he thrust in nautical charts when it was in his boat in the port from somewhere. The destination was in part sexual - they did everything, but this was the obvious next step. The life of the two was in the same rhythm, separately, but together, as the floats of a Hobie Cat The two had 17 years. The two would be formed in June. The two went to college next year. He and Jennifer were in totally different rhythms and unfortunately the sex was not even on the horizon. She was 14. Next year, and for two years after that, she would wear the uniform and would go to the Constance Billard every day, while he was in college doing God knows what. Most people would be disconcerted by the difference in age, but Nate thought it means reassuring. While he was adrift in uncharted waters of the future, Jenny would be anchored securely at home. He could write to her, or call, or come back and see it and nothing would have changed. Charlie got the intact pickles with a fork and put in dish of Nate as a dead fish. -It seems that you are dry. Think pdoe chemical to prove? nate looked at him and shook the bag pl [Astico of marijuana in his pocket. Looked at the clock. -How about a quick fuminho before we go? The other three boys assentiram anxious. Nate smiled and stood up. I thought I had solved something in his head, but was not sure what it was. -Come on, he said. maybe kids are like clothes While the lessons of the second and third in the side of the Constance Billard began the tests, Jenny was in health class, discussing love, sex, shampoo and the peculiarities of the boys, among other things. Eleven girls sit in circles on the floor behind a sunny window in the cozy corner of a room that school classes designed especially for intimate, as the health of the last series of elementary school. The floor was a carpet carmine fuzzy green carpet instead of institutional resvestia the ground that the rest of the school. The walls were painted in a lively blue-knapwood, with the edges in white flashing. There was a small blackboard without frame, with very colorful chalk, draw diagrams for the teacher and, most important, had no portfolio, allowing the girls to relax the body and actually speak to them to move the head. Who gave lessons to the class was Miss. Doherty, a professor of dance New Age hippie who was 25 years old, a beautiful body by tonificado yoga, reddish-brown hair long and a pale face that was always entirely without makeup. It was the only professor in the department of physical education that was not fully shoe, and the girls would love your way calm and open if it were not for the trend that was embarrassing to talk in parts of the body as did the family dog. The Miss. Doherty left the girls who choose the topic of discussion, then they usually spent much of the lesson talking about boys. -Honestly, I do not understand how we can meet people of the opposite sex when we get most of the time in environments full of girls - complained about Kim Swanson. She fell in the hands carefully perfectly dyed brown hair, lights that were once a month at the John Barrett Salon since the second series. Jenny was sitting close to Kim, marvel because it was all perfect. The nails well-cared for, the brozeado artificial gold, the basis Chanel subtly applied, eye shadows and gloss on the lips, ears Cartier earrings and white cotton blouse Agnes B. Maybe, if Kim was not so long passase producing, had more time to know the boys. The Miss. Doherty has a quiet smile and benevolent. -I know it is difficult, Kim - said she solidarity. - Only I can suggest is to involve itself in any of those activities interescolares mixed, like theater or choir. And if your friends have friends boys, do not be shy ... have to ask you! -Miss. Doherty, think we have to love the guy who is with us? - Jessica said Soames, who looked exactly the snow of the fairy tales, the hair and black, and red lips and eyes full of gray hairs long, but definitely was not pure as the snow. Jessica had menstruado in the third set and said they had lost their virginity in the fifth. Originally, it is that had the biggest heart of the class, but last year the breasts of Jenny exceeded that of Jessica. The Miss. Doherty put a fuse of stubborn hair behind the ear and smoothing the brown eyebrows, obviously trying to prolong the discussion. But before he could do anything, little Jenny Humphrey expressed. -It, definitely. I mean, maybe take some time for the two realize they are in love, but if you're not, then I think you should finish. The whole class, including Miss. Doherty, the consistently. The Miss. Dohrty was facing because Jenny Humphrey never spoke in class and she did not know that Jenny was so full of opinions. The girls saw because all knew that Jenny can steal Nate Archibald from Blair Waldorf, which was even surprising, and had not have done it as Jenny unless it was trance, and very. Does Jenny Humphrey was even more piranha, secretly, than Jessica Soames? And now she admitted that? When he realized that all looked to, Jenny corou. -I mean, I do not think they have to finish if you have not said''I love you'', maybe because you are still together and everything and are only waiting for the right moment to talk. The Miss. Doherty gave their seats and smile without lipstick. Love was one of her favorite topics.-The first time you fall, it may be difficult to recognize. Some people confuse the passion even with a flu! Some girls Jenny laughed and smiled to herself. She knew that the lady. Doherty was talking about. Sometimes Jenny felt so dizzy and weak when he was with Nate and that he could have pneumonia or something. The Miss. Doherty continued. -But do not think you have to have a relationship apaixonarpara. You only have 14 years. It is not going to marry the guy right? You're learning to stay with people. It's like trying clothes. You must try all different styles and sizes to see which one looks better on you. Jenny wrinkle the forehead. She did not want to try all styles and sizes. I just wanted to Nate. -Wait, is talking about sex with someone who is not in love or just type well, stay? - Alicia asked Armstron maliciously. She torcia its pulseita pink leather. - Because, like so, I really think you will be passionate sex. -Oh, but it is clear that yes - Jenny agreed quickly, corou again. The rest of the class to look again. Then she was admitting that he had trance with Nate Archibald or denying it? Jenny never talked about sex, but now realize that Jessica wanted to say''stay''with a man. She pulled a wool rug of the carmine. For her, sex was not the issue. It was love. How long should wait before I say that Nate loved that? How long should expect him to say? She raised her hand again, but Azaria Muniz first to raise it. -Miss. Doherty, it is true that we must switch between different shampoos, when to wash your hair not addicted? - Azaria had wavy hair dyed honey from going to the rear, and her closet was full of products for cabelos.A.Srta. Doherty looked to Azaria means confusing. -I am not an expert in the subject, but I think that since you use a good product with all natural ingredients that do not cause addiction, you can use the same shampoo all the time. - She smiled and turned to Jenny, anxious to resume the assunsto of love. - Yes, Jenny? You raised your hand? Jenny looked at the ceiling, choosing the words carefully. But before he could begin, the Jessica rudely interrupted. -It is true that the whole feeling is at the end of the penis? - Asked Jessica, the black eyebrows together with seriousness, as if making a question about the discovery of the atom. The rest of the class erupted in risinhos. Jessica was always the most outrageous questions, but in the end all the girls liked it when asked. -Jessica, please do not interrupt our colleagues - said the lady. Doherty quietly. - But the answer to your question is yes, the tip of the penis is very sensitive, but the sensitivity varies from one to another penis. - She turned to Jenny. - What was saying Jenny? Jenny felt the cheeks become red. Penis, penis, penis! The word was always a laugh. -Yes? - Asked the lady. Doherty. Jenny covered the mouth with his hand. -Oh, was not anything. Jessica's eyes were narrowed. -What is so funny, Jenny? It is the most sensitive part of Nate? The tip? Jenny stopped smile crossed his arms. All his body burned in a dark red. -Remember Jessica ... no name-alerted the Srta. Doherty. She Fix the legs in the lotus position and pegarreou. - I want to remind you again girls, that our discussions are completely confidential. Nothing that is said here will be repeated outside the group. Like Then, as is the entire school is knowing that Alicia Armstrong did not use absorbent internal because her parents think that if you use will no longer be virgin? Jenny was not stupid. She knew what would definitely say repeated. Then decided that it was safer not talking about anything that could be taken the wrong way. -I remember the first time I saw a penis quq of truth - Jessica erupted, leading the rest of the class to a frenzy of risadinhas again. - It was so scary! The Miss. Doherty has a smile zen. Jessica Soames was not to make it easy to lose. -Remember - she said. - This is a place to ask questions ... -I do not understand all that thing of erection. How exactly happens? - Kim Swanson said. -It is true that the first thing you have when the boys agree morning? - Roni said Chang. The Miss. Doherty sighed. When I was delicately com?enaod to respond to questions, Jenny is off them, preferring concerns the issue of love. If the girls were like clothes, as I said the lady. Doherty, then Nate was like the first Diesel jeans and compares it used only on special occasions because it was so beautiful that I would not want it dirty. But the more the more the wearing washed, the better he was, until she could not live without it, it fell perfectly. And if she knew so sure how he felt with respect to Nate, then that evil would say to him? an extraordinary response to a common questionBlair had delivered its draft proposal to test for Yale earlier that morning. When the evidence of French advanced and advanced calculation finally ended, she went to the room of the University of Constance Billard guideline to see if the lady. Glos had already read. The Miss. Glos was fidgeting in their portfolios, Surprisingly long legs crossed with elegance at the knees. - Oh, hello, Blair. Why not sit down? Blair narrowed his eyes and looked critically for orthopedic shoes of Miss appalling. Glos. What a waste to have legs so good for a woman older and have absolutely no taste in shoes. She sat on hard wooden chair across the table from Ms. Glos. - I read his essay. A Srta. Glos crawl the stack of folders on the table until it was scheduled to meet with Waldorf. Then pucker the lips thin and has a dab of light on the nose with a tissue. The Miss. Glos nose bleeds and had always believed that it had a rare disease. All the girls were afraid to touch what she gave them.Blair raised the eyebrows dark and well delineated. - E? The Miss. Glos looked at her. His hair color is the mouse encrespavam below, ro?ando the chin. It was exactly like when Blair and the way it was obviously a wig. - I think it is better to make another attempt is really is serious when he says he wants to go to Yale. Blair took a minute to register what the guide said. - But ... The Miss. Glos opened the folder and the Blair pointed to the inside pages with a talon and a yellow disgusting. - This is a perfectly adequate testing on the life of Audrey Hepburn - she began. - But it says nothing about you. You need to show Yale you can write well, who can think in a creative way and can give an extraordinary response to a common question. - She returned the test to Blair. Blair held the six pages stapled between the thumb and forefinger, the temples latejando. Died of willingness to tell the lady. Glos to fuck and buy a new wig while there was, but she knew that the university was very good guidance in their work. And if someone could help her to come at Yale, that someone was a lady. Glos. - OK - she said, concisely. - I will try again. - Good girl. Do not be so literary. Show them how much she loves the films of Audrey Hepburn instead of talking them. Blair seats and stood up. Ajeitou the skirt, trying to maintain composure in front of an insult so outrageous, acting exactly as you would think Audrey. - Happy Christmas to you - said politely. The Miss. Glos pull the handkerchief on the nose again and smiled. - Happy Christmas, Blair. Blair pulled the door of salad guiding university to close it and threw his essay contaminated trash in the corridor of metal with a sigh of irritation. Would both have fun on the beach in St. Barts. Serena would have to turn myself because Blair would have to spend the whole of the holiday fucking locked in a room writing the test for Yale. She thought about writing Let me go, fuck! on a sheet of paper and send to the office of admission to Yale, but considering the fact that the interviewer told the whole story of his life and then kissed, this may not be a good idea. She climbed the stairs that led to the fourth floor to get your coat closet ski blue Marc Jacobs, runs up against Kati Farkas and Isabel Coates on the stairs. - As proof of the French? - Kati asked. Chovido had this morning when she was going to school, and her strawberry blond hair was completely crespo. Kati Blair felt like a poodle that was struck by lightning. She has to shoulder. "Idiot." Departed the hair of the face with a shaken impatient. I was so sick of talking about school and notes and evidence of advanced courses that thought I could puke. - I am sure that she was well - said Blair loyally. Serena never studied and was not in class for advanced studies, but she always managed to do well enough to attend the class and write articles half decent. She was intelligent - all the girls were Constance - but the teachers complained of her if she did not use the full potential since he was in second grade. Well basically, Blair savor the fact that Serena is so little academic. It would be totally impossible if they are friends Serena was beautiful like that and then only bear A. - Hey, which rolled between you and that guy, Miles? asked Isabel. She could not believe those two. The last time we turn Kati and Isabel, they had passed out drunk in the backseat of a limo and the Blair rejected totally. Now they were acting as if it wanted to be best friends again. But Blair would not be in conversation with them about a guy who probably never see again so that they could spread the gossip around the school. - Actually, no - she responded with indifference. - Ooooh - balbuciou Isabel. - She is so reserved. That means something must have happened. Blair goggle. - Whatever. - Hey, what a lady. Glos said in his essay for Yale? - Kati asked. That was the problem of attending a school for girls only: everyone knew everything about everybody. That left Blair insane. - She liked - Blair lied. She began to climb the ladder again, the ringlet of rubi beating in the metal handrail as she walked. - See you later. I have to start studying for a test of English. - Wait! - Isabel screamed. Blair turned and waited. - What is it? - It is true that Serena and Flow are engaged? Blair could barely contain the laughter. She knew that it should tell the truth to them, but it would be much more interesting not count. - You said it, swinging the head with a smile of disbelief. - There is a madness? The two girls are looked clearly moved by the confirmation that achieved a very reliable source for gossip revolutionary. - Then she goes to St. Barts with you? - Asked Kati. Blair seats and turned the ringlet of ruby on his finger. - We plan the wedding while there. - Ah, it looks so fun! - Isabel said with his British accent more detestable. She looked at Kati and then back to Blair. - You think it is going to invite the ladies of honor? Blair turned and went up the stairs without effort, like Audrey in his wonderful Givenchy dress during the scene of the fashion show of Cinderella in Paris. - Maybe - she said. - If you are very, very nice to her. Gossipgirl.net ___________________________________________________________________themes / previous / next / do a question / answer warning: all the real names of places, people and events were curtailed to protect the innocent. I mean, I do. Hi, guys! Okay, so did the evidence - now it's time to burn. A LIST OF REQUESTS FOR CHRISTMAS 1 of fox fur hat Fendi, but will probably be forgotten in a taxi one day, late at night 1 bag of fringy suede Coach, good to go out with the keys, credit card and shine for lips. What more need be? A full year marked the Elizabeth Arden Red Door Salon for facial hair removal, eyebrow and in the groin, masks of seaweed, haircuts and lights. 1 pair of leather boots caramel. 1 pair of boots of dark-brown suede. 1 pair of black boots at the knee. All of Stephane Kelian and everything to jump 10. There is nothing like many pairs of boots. 1 coat of lambskin Fendi. 1 box of chocolate truffles extragrande of the bitter Godiva - my weakness. Well, one of them. 1 bath robe of TSE Cashmere of white and half of combining CashmereAll classic Hitchcoch on DVD The acceptance at university A Year's Eve all-new processor! Flagra B getting all the books on Audrey Heoburn in the library of Manhattan. The M and his friend walking with the boxer from A (it is a dog, not a fighter), by Constance Billard School for Girls and looking through windows of the octagonal first floor - by whom, I wonder? S giving the doorman a basket full of baby barracudas. Do the daily shipments of Flow are not exaggerated way? N getting stoned with friends in the Sheep Meadow. J doing a great Christmas card with glitter for N of art in the classroom. D is getting rid of a god bloquinhos precious in a black trash on Broadway. The block of a writer is not problematic? V plagued a poor innocent seller of hot dog in Washington Square Park. K and I fighting for a hat of fox fur in Intermix. Your email Q: Dude "Gossip Girl," Toei trying to deduce who is since you started this site q vc. Q do not think you speak of colleges unless q be the third year. I am only the first year, but'm cool with all veterans. So you might not be as cool as I think q is. Q I still think you must be a college professor of pervert or someone like that. - Jdwack A: Dear jdwack, Continue trying to deduce who I am because I will not tell you. But I promise you this: I would not be caught dead using caqui shorts with a whistle in the neck. - GG Q: Hi, GG, So, what do you think of that rumor that goes around that Flow and S are engaged? She always acts full of mysteries, as if it had a big secret, then it means difficult to know. - Ghost A: Dear ghost, I know what you mean - S maintains a silence on Flow awful, if the rumor is true. But let's be realistic here. She has only 17 years. Even if you are engaged, I doubt that the marriage is near. - GG Q: So, GossipG, I do not know if B knows this, but I heard that the guy who took it on Saturday night - the drummer friend of her half-brother - will spend the holidays in St. Barts too. - Informant A: Dear informant, Caracas. I think B will have a big surprise, and she may not like it much either. AND FINALLY ... There! What sense is going to school after the evidence is no longer worth our notes for nothing? They should let the people had only one field, type lunch or study room, or theater, across primevera. I mean, that seems to have not had a break! For you who love me, gossip girl Barneys to form the character On Thursday before Christmas, the Constance Billard finally released the girls to their luxurious vacation for 12 days through the school year. After school, Jenny met Nate in front of Barneys. She was wearing a hooded sweatshirt with blue-baby, a partnership with black fake fur collar, the uniform gray supercurto from school, a chapeuzinho red hair goat with his dark curls out underneath and gloves from goat hair red combining. It was lovely, and the minute in which the saw, Nate took the glove from her hand and gave him a kiss in the palm. Had achieved a huge stock of grass for Christmas with their supplier in 80 of the pizzeria with Madison, and was a very good mood. - I missed - he said, emerald-green eyes shining in the twilight of winter. The heart of Jenny started to jump. - I felt your flat too - she said, the cheeks a delicate pink. She took the pocket of the sparse Christmas card that he had done for him. - Take. Nate tore the envelope handmade. He looked the picture she had drawn with water, coal and gold pen, trying to understand exactly what it was. - It is a snowman holding a reindeer - Jenny explained. - Half a combination of the styles of Matisse and Picasso, but I do not know if it worked. Nate did not understand anything of Matisse and Picasso. He opened the card. Merry Christmas, Nate!, Said the caps in golden glitter. Love, Jennifer. Nate smiled and put the card in the pocket of the jacket. - Thanks. Jenny passed by the arm and led him into the store. - So, what you want for Christmas? I will buy their first present. She took more borrowed $ 50 with his father, who really was not anything close to all the money it already had. Since it began dating Nate, Jenny was spending more money than in its entire life.Like any girl will tell you, take care of the leaves look expensive, but worth it. In the male department, Nate showed her a pair of gray merino wool socks. - How about that? - Half? But I want to give you something special. Something with ... spirit - Jenny insisted. Panache, was what she wanted to say. Panache. He had seen that was used in Vogue, and seemed so French and so sophisticated. Nate returned the half and looked the store. - I do not want you to spend lots of money with me, Jennifer. Jenny triumphant smiled at him, loving him more than ever. She loved the way he called Jennifer. I loved the small bonitinhas of text messages he sent him by phone. I loved how he did things, like kissing her hand. And, best of all, loved the feeling that he gave him with a few words with his sensual voice, as if it were the most lucky girl of Barneys, and that really meant something. - There can be only half - she insisted. - You must be special. - Okay - Nate responded with a shoulder to the fun. It was cute way that Jenny wanted to buy him anything more meaningful than socks or perfume. She was so generous and genuinely never expected anything in return. - This here? - Jenny erected for a short wool flannel with Scottish cord. - I think should be in his pajamas. Nate wrinkle the forehead. - It means gay - he said. Jenny put the shorts back on the shelf. - You are right. Sorry - after she saw a table with piles of underwear-samba song with silk-screen images in the rear. There was a samba-song with a sailboat in red silk. What perfect. Sailing was the thrill of Nate. He even built sailboats in Maine. The shorts cost $ 60, and was more than she wanted to spend and other means to underpants, but Jenny was willing to give up ten dollars for the man she loved more than anyone or anything else in the world. - This is great - Nate built the underwear and examined the boat. - But I think nobody is going to see. A jet flushing rose by neck of Jenny when she thought of underwear to see Nate. - No, but it has to be his - she insisted. - It is so totally you. She doubled the drawer and took her to the counter. - You can gift-wrap, please? - She turned to Nate. - It's more fun if you open as a gift, really. - The brown eyes shone in her excitement. Jenny had a lovely boyfriend, bought him a present very cool and he was smiling at her like that that will be made to shout: I'm so happy! She went to Nate a black sacolinha of Barneys. - Happy Hanykkah - said it all happy, but were only half Jewish and Nate was not anything Jewish. - Thanks, Jennifer - Nate did not expect to find something you really like, but until he found the cute underwear. He took her hand. - Now we buy something for you. Come on. He took her to the elevator and the sixth floor. Jenny did not know where they were going until the doors were opened and they went out in the lingerie department. She hesitated. Nate imagined that she buy something cute for Christmas, like a scarf with a reindeer or something stupid. But not lingerie. - Choose what you want - Nate said. Jenny looked at the shelves of imported lingerie made by hand, his face red with shame. She always bought Bali bra at Macy's because it had extra support and extralargas strips to prevent the weight of their breasts estupendos leaving marks on the shoulders. It seemed that the suti?s shred of Barneys would be if she put them just a breast, and even more the two. There was no way to get her a bra, a bustie and not even a top. First, she would die if Nate discover the size of them. Second, they probably were not beautiful things and income in the size of it. Jenny wanted to be able to say that Nate did not want any lingerie, but did not want to hurt his feelings. Instead, she got a simple white silk panties from La Perla costoura with a pink and a pink satin ribbon of the elastic. - This here is legal. - I want a matching bra with it? - Grasnou a seller of some 17 years, zanzando there to help. - No - Jenny practically shouted. She took the panties and the hanger doi until the balcony so that Nate could pay and they left them running away. The box got the panties and started to wrap it in paper. - Only the thong, miss? - She asked. Jenny looked at a piece of white silk in the hands of women. I could see that basically remained the area's ass.Failed to stop looking at Nate. - It is - it winch. - Just that. - And we want to present, please - Nate added. Blair wore thong all the time. He did not understand why Jenny was so embarrassed. When the package was ready, delivered to the Nate and Jenny kissed on the face. - Merry Christmas. Jenny prying eyes of the sentence in the carpet that looked fixedly cream and got the bag. Here was something that she loved in Nate - he is not surprised at how things varias thong. He was always calm and cold. Well, it is difficult not to be calm environment when stoned most of the time. As the elevator descended, Jenny is asked what should be done now. Go home and parading with the present one to the other? Just the idea of walking from one side to another before Nate out with the butt of Jenny did want to die. The elevator door is opened. - I was thinking that we could go walk to the St. Regis - Nate said while passing by the cosmetics department, the road to exit the store. The heart to beat erratically Jenny chest. The St. Regis was a hotel. Oh, my God. - Have a great pub there. We could take a hot chocolate or something - Nate added. It seemed that he genuinely wanted a hot chocolate, not a showzinho erotic in a hotel room. Jenny sigh of relief. - Sounds good right. But before reaching the front door, Nate saw two girls, one with blond hair pulled up in a tail-to-horse and the other with brown hair that fell costas.Eram by Serena and Blair, standing at the counter of Estee Lauder, well on the way of them. Nate put his arm around Jenny and started to take it in the opposite direction, back to the shop for a male and exit different. Not that it matters to be seen with ela.So would be easier if they had to talk to anyone, especially with Blair. Jenny hesitated and made a face at him. - Wait. Where are we going? - She asked, confused. - Hmmm, I think perhaps I should get a new belt in the output - Nate said, hoping that Blair and Serena has not had the visa. Too late. - Nate? - He heard Serena's voice behind him. - Hey, Natie! He turned slowly. The sweet scent of sandalwood and lily was filling his nostrils as she threw his arms in it. She kissed the freed and Jenny in the face. - Hey, which bought? Jenny corou again. - Hmmmm, nothing else. Blair was standing a little away from them, in criticizing the silence of black ugly sparse Jenny and her fuzzy red hat. Nate smiled at her. - Yo, Blair. Blair suspended the Prada bag on the shoulders and shook the hair of the face. - Hi - she said to nobody in particular. She looked briefly for Jenny. - Hi, Ginny. Merry Christmas. Jenny holding a small bag of Barneys behind the back, as if afraid that Blair could get her to see what was inside. - Merry Christmas, she replied frankly disappointed with the voice. Blair was so angry to see them shopping for Christmas together as a couple chatinho and happy that could not withstand a kidding. - Maybe you can help us - it suddenly seemed cheerful. - We are buying gifts for Flow and Miles ... You know who they are, the guys who stayed with us the other night. But do not know what to take. - She cutucou the elbow of Serena. - Serena was thinking of a perfume. Nate, mind if we test you? Nate did not use perfume and really wanted to give out quickly from there, but had no intellectual capacity to get rid the situation. - Of course - he replied without enthusiasm. Blair led them to a stop, and before he could protest, he took the right hand of Nate and spraying a colony Dolce & Gabana she knew that the ass smelled musty and blue cheese. - What do you think? - She asked, placing the hand of Nate under the nose of Jenny. Jenny started to sneeze. - Health - said Serena. Jenny espirrava without stopping. I could not bear it. Nate estremeceu. - It means strong. - Really? And this here, then? - Blair got his left hand and spraying Eau d'Orange Verte from Hermes. It was a classic aroma and pure that she loved and sometimes she wore, although males. Nate smell the hand and was immediately taken by nostalgia, thinking when he was lying in bed for Blair, kissing his bare belly and making it laugh. - Legal, he said, with other fungi. The nose was dripping from Jenny. She dried in the glove. Serena took the left hand of Nate and placed under the very nose. - Oh, is so totally you, Nate - she smiled with sincerity for Jenny. - You should buy one for him for Christmas. It is sensational. Jenny cleared the nose again. I had more money and, moreover, had already bought a gift much better for Nate. She looked at him, hoping that he said the same thing and then they could go, but Nate was only standing there, looking at Blair, with his hands stretched like a doll. The question is again in the heart of esgueirou Jenny. How Nate could be so beautiful when he was alone with her, but when he was with other people was so ... Stupid? Blair wrinkle your nose. - I know not - she muttered. - I think perhaps agent must give something more personal. - Like what? - Serena asked, entering the game. - I just buy one for Nate samba-song with the legal stamp of a sailboat - Jenny suggested full of hope. - They have other different. You should go see. Nate smiled timidly. - Yeah. It is very nice. Blair grabbed the bottle of green Hermes sample of the colony, ready to toss it on the head of Jenny. Samba-song? That bitch. Serena saw that brincadeirinha Blair seemed to be coming back to it. - Come on, Blair - she cutucou slightly from the elbow Blair. Come-up. It has a bikini that I want to try. You can tell me what you think.Blair put the bottle of perfume in the back counter. - Okay - she replied coldly. - Come to St. Barts tomorrow. - Serena planted a kiss in front of Nate. Then lowered and kissed Jenny. - But the people you see in the Year-new, all right? Nate Blair noted rummage in the ruby ring on his finger. He took a step forward, put your hand on the jacket sleeve and kissed her on the face. - Merry Christmas, Blair. The best actresses always remain composed in the face of insults. - Merry Christmas - she replied, keeping the chin lifted the maximum that was physically possible without falling back. Then, with the highest form that could pose, she turned to lift the back of the shop, pulling Serena behind you. Nate from the saw, admiring how the long dark hair fell to Blair in the back of the jacket Cashmere blue sky. He built the left hand and he breathed fresh and pure perfume that reminded Blair of bare skin. After turned to Jenny. The pompoms in her hair. The partnership avantajada black. Hands little girl. The shy smile. Blair was a relief to have gone, he stopped to compare the two. Because the real truth was that there was no comparison. A bottle of perfume as a dancer was on the desk of glass behind them. - Hey - Nate said changing the subject. - I saw the nutcracker? - Jenny studying art, then probably knew all of ballet. Jenny shook her head, trying to smile. He had gone to the Lincoln Center with the class of architecture and design, but it was the closest that came to see a ballet of truth. - No, not yet. That was not good. Definitely not good. Nate Blair had brought to see the nutcracker in the last three Christmas and, although he knew that was very stupid, I would like. It was kind of a trip: the first scene, during a Christmas party, the tree on stage was just a tree normal-sized. And then, after the little girl begins to sleep and dream, the tree leaves the ground, turning into a tree pumped steroids - was even greater than the Rockefeller Center tree. And after all the toys come to life and begin to fight. It was sensational. Nate pulled the phone from the pocket. - Have a dinner with his father tomorrow night, right? Jenny seats. - So let's see if they have tickets for the matinee. Jenny is supported at the counter of perfumes, dominated by those of flu symptoms again. Nate would take her to the ballet! How could she not love Nate? d try to write about sex in a new way Once the evidence came on Thursday, Dan went to the Sino-Cuban favorite coffee shop on Broadway and asked for a coffee with milk and rolinho spring. Then got a new block black and a black ballpoint pen. The all week he was trying to write something decent way to keep the proposal for the university, but everything I wrote was a complete waste. He never had trouble writing before - in general, the words simply fluiam him. Obviously he was distracted by the evidence, but that was not a justification. He was blocking writer. Dan bebeu um gole, pingando gotas de cafe com leite em toda a primeira pagina em branco do bloco. In a way, have linked the blocking of the major writer. Tolstoy had. Hemingway had. He was not sure whether your favorite French existentialist had, but concluded that everyone should probably go through it one time or another. That does not make things less painful, however. Indeed, it was excruciating. Poor thing, that tormented soul. Dan knew, only to look at the old black block, the last time that he had written anything of value was before Thanksgiving, before he and Vanessa kiss is the first time and realize they were in love. He turned rolinho the spring in a thick sauce of plum and has a bite. Besides the death, love was his favorite subject, but now I was loving the words he used to write about it seemed superficial and rough. If he could at least find a new angle to approach the topic of love. Plunged in the spring rolinho sauce and took another bite. The hot fat rolinho of trickled down through the wrist. Esbarrou a waitress at the hip with his elbow and he dropped what was left of the cup rolinho, coffee with milk spreading everywhere.
Most people are annoying, but for Dan was a moment of illumination. Sex!, He thought. The sex was the final physical expression of love, and it was so, although it was never done, he wanted to happen at the right time, when the only way to tell what was really meant to make love. Dan took the pen cap. He read much critical theory to know that some of the biggest cliches to write about sex was to use images of flowers desabrochando, the sunrise and fireworks. He also knew it was possible to do something that did not appear sexual. But he wanted to write about the sex of new and unexpected ways. He looked at the half eaten rolinho spring, brown coffee, thinking.Any normal kid would have to think about sex immediately thought of taking the clothes of the girl. However, Dan was not a normal boy. Instead of thinking about taking the clothes of Vanessa, he thought in words old, unless they were used in a sensual. And to do that you have to stop thinking about words and start thinking about something or, even better, someone. Preferably someone without clothes. But Dan was arrested for words. The more agonizava on what words to use, was more convinced that it could not write about sex because they had not yet done. And if he did not write about sex, would not get to write about love. And if you can not write about love, write more n?a would achieve nothing. Is that sex was the cure for writer's block? v discovers the Victoria 's Secret On Thursday after school, Vanessa walked by Broadway, in Soho, filming a transvestite dressed in a overalls PVC boots and black PVC platform to jump 15, walking with a tiny chihuahua usually cooped up in a black orange fuzzy when he was stopped in front of Victoria's Secret by a woman who distributes promotional leaflets . Ipresentando the collection of Very Sexy lingerie. Buy two suti?s Sexy Vety and win a v-string panties or a matching thong!, said the leaflet. Vanessa did not know well what was a v-string or a thong. She bought cotton panties HANES Her Way and tops of Rite Aid, and had never entered the Victoria's Secret She looked at the poster of Gisele Bundchen using the Angels collection that filled the glass. Lingerie seamless with a trim celestial, said the poster. eclaro that anything would be heavenly in Gisele, but does it look good? Vanessa started to handle the camera on the shoulder and opened the heavy glass door of the store, thinking it could be fun way out. She was addressed as soon as the door is closed behind you. - Welcome to Victoria's Secret - said a blonde mignon with a black terninho tight. - Can I help her to find something today? Vanessa looked at her. I hated that hover sellers around the people. - No - she replied, with his wife. - Only I'm giving a look. The woman smiled graciously. - Fine. Just so you know, my name is Vanessa. Vanessa looked at her, surprised. - It is my name too - she said, feeling means bad for being so rough with the woman. - We have the same name. The radiant Vanessa Louro smiled at her. - But what a coincidence! Well you do not forget my name. Call me if you need anything - then it turned to help another client. Vanessa looked at the store. Perfume and chamber music filled the air, and the carpet was a deep red velvet. Round tables were covered with red satin d batteries varias and panties in solid colors, animals and padronagens Floral. In each wall had shelves of suti?s of income, stretch satin and cotton. There was corpetes, tango, and v-strings shortinhos. Petticoat, busties, alloys and friction-alloys. Vanessa had never seen so much space devoted to the type the vanity of woman she always loathe. But maybe, just maybe, a set of middle-income bra cup Very Sexy and a thong-income were the kind of thing that she needed to be so irresistible to Dan, he would have his moment organic poetic or what were you were expecting and decided it was ready for sex. She was a shelf of red and suti?s income vasulhou. 34b, 36C, 38D. Not even knew what was the size her. Below the shelf of suti?s had a shelf the panties of income, for more than strips of income for panties - extremely small strips. Vanessa examined the labels. So it was a thong. Well, did not seem so so bad. She looked around the room, looking for xara blonde. - Decided whether to try something anyway? - Vanessa asked the Bay, leaving a bar to the left of 'Vanessa, which was busy folding a stack of white cotton varias. Vanessa has to shoulder, rendered. - Hmmm, is black? - It built a half-cup bra-income Very Sexy red. - What size do you need? -asked the VanessaLoura. Vanessa wrinkle the forehead. How could have reached the age of 17 without knowing what was the size of your bra? I do not know well - she muttered almost inaudible. Vanessa Louro smiled a benevolent way. - Go to a room of evidence, and here I measure you. After the talk you are looking for. We will find something in the style you like, it is well on his body and is comfortable too! What do you think? Vanessa seats with reluctance. Not exactly like the idea of someone measure their breasts and did not know what he wanted, but the Bay Vanessa seemed a professional and she had already gone too far to quit. - Since it is black - she insisted. We know, we know. Gossipgirl.net themes / previous / next / do a question / answer warning: all the real names of places, people and events were curtailed to protect the innocent. I mean, I do. Hi, guys! AME HER SISTER, BUT NO OTHER Drew my attention that we have not heard a peep on the half-brother of skytech of B, the lovely A. You may be thinking that he is busy studying for the tests and met with the new band. But no. He's hiding. And I'm almost convinced that the reason why he is hiding because he is dealing with some serious problems. The latest of these is that he called his friend drummer M to go with him to St. Barts, and I suspect that the reason for him to do this is that M B keep busy and out of your sight. Your email Q: Dear GG, So the health of the class of J and I know she is doing therapy because of the obsession it has with navel. She, like so, you must go to the bathroom all the time you make sure that it is still there, and when changed clothes for physical education class when she looks at the entire world. Is it an aberration. - Ronisays A: Hi, ronasays, So, what is the problem? Umbilicus are sensual. At least mine is. - GG Q: Hi, GG, I was just thinking that you would like to know that I think I live in the same building of B you always talk, and sometimes I catch her correspondence by mistake. Her mother receives tons of letters from New Beginnings, which is either a clinic for fertility or a counseling center for drugs and alcohol. I looked in the phone book. - Peekaboo A: Hi, peekaboo, Let's hope that it will only give money to them and not really use their services. - GG Flagra S giving the doorman a snowman of solid chocolate with a meter height of gold wrapped in paper Godiva. Flow is really exaggerating, unless S has another admirer - she plays the cards out without even reading. D looking for water in 79 of the pier, looking for inspiration. V in a bar in Billyburg, testing its new figure improved by Victoria's Secret, perhaps? B and S out of J. Sisters Salon, after making waxing to St. Barts. It seems that there will be amazing! Have wonderful holiday and do not forget to have fun like crazy. I know I am. See you there!
Isabel penteou the tail-of short and dark-horse with your fingers and put the chin. Blair has always made when he spoke of the higher notes. - I know it seems half of nerd, but I really did a review of Mr. Noble's history yesterday, and I think that helped a lot. I mean, I thought the evidence certainly easy. And you are a real boring, Blair noted. Isabel's father was a TV actor who was mainly narration and had a fake British accent. Isabel tended to imitate him, and it was why she was saying things like "certainly easy" instead of "totally stupid", which was that she seemed, well, totally stupid. Kati agreed to the head. - It was too short. But you saw Serena? She not ended. Was still sitting there, so kind, seeing the hair when we left. Of course, it left out the part about giving Serena autographs. No way would allow the Blair asked that a to Serena.Most people are annoying, but for Dan was a moment of illumination. Sex!, He thought. The sex was the final physical expression of love, and it was so, although it was never done, he wanted to happen at the right time, when the only way to tell what was really meant to make love. Dan took the pen cap. He read much critical theory to know that some of the biggest cliches to write about sex was to use images of flowers desabrochando, the sunrise and fireworks. He also knew it was possible to do something that did not appear sexual. But he wanted to write about the sex of new and unexpected ways. He looked at the half eaten rolinho spring, brown coffee, thinking.
Any normal kid would have to think about sex immediately thought of taking the clothes of the girl. However, Dan was not a normal boy. Instead of thinking about taking the clothes of Vanessa, he thought in words old, unless they were used in a sensual. And to do that you have to stop thinking about words and start thinking about something or, even better, someone. Preferably someone without clothes. But Dan was arrested for words. The more agonizava on what words to use, was more convinced that it could not write about sex because they had not yet done. And if he did not write about sex, would not get to write about love. And if you can not write about love, write more n?a would achieve nothing. Is that sex was the cure for writer's block? v discovers the Victoria 's Secret On Thursday after school, Vanessa walked by Broadway, in Soho, filming a transvestite dressed in a overalls PVC boots and black PVC platform to jump 15, walking with a tiny chihuahua usually cooped up in a black orange fuzzy when he was stopped in front of Victoria's Secret by a woman who distributes promotional leaflets . Ipresentando the collection of Very Sexy lingerie. Buy two suti?s Sexy Vety and win a v-string panties or a matching thong!, said the leaflet. Vanessa did not know well what was a v-string or a thong. She bought cotton panties HANES Her Way and tops of Rite Aid, and had never entered the Victoria's Secret She looked at the poster of Gisele Bundchen using the Angels collection that filled the glass. Lingerie seamless with a trim celestial, said the poster. eclaro that anything would be heavenly in Gisele, but does it look good? Vanessa started to handle the camera on the shoulder and opened the heavy glass door of the store, thinking it could be fun way out. She was addressed as soon as the door is closed behind you. - Welcome to Victoria's Secret - said a blonde mignon with a black terninho tight. - Can I help her to find something today? Vanessa looked at her. I hated that hover sellers around the people. - No - she replied, with his wife. - Only I'm giving a look. The woman smiled graciously. - Fine. Just so you know, my name is Vanessa. Vanessa looked at her, surprised. - It is my name too - she said, feeling means bad for being so rough with the woman. - We have the same name. The radiant Vanessa Louro smiled at her. - But what a coincidence! Well you do not forget my name. Call me if you need anything - then it turned to help another client. Vanessa looked at the store. Perfume and chamber music filled the air, and the carpet was a deep red velvet. Round tables were covered with red satin d batteries varias and panties in solid colors, animals and padronagens Floral. In each wall had shelves of suti?s of income, stretch satin and cotton. There was corpetes, tango, and v-strings shortinhos. Petticoat, busties, alloys and friction-alloys. Vanessa had never seen so much space devoted to the type the vanity of woman she always loathe. But maybe, just maybe, a set of middle-income bra cup Very Sexy and a thong-income were the kind of thing that she needed to be so irresistible to Dan, he would have his moment organic poetic or what were you were expecting and decided it was ready for sex. She was a shelf of red and suti?s income vasulhou. 34b, 36C, 38D. Not even knew what was the size her. Below the shelf of suti?s had a shelf the panties of income, for more than strips of income for panties - extremely small strips. Vanessa examined the labels. So it was a thong. Well, did not seem so so bad. She looked around the room, looking for xara blonde. - Decided whether to try something anyway? - Vanessa asked the Bay, leaving a bar to the left of 'Vanessa, which was busy folding a stack of white cotton varias. Vanessa has to shoulder, rendered. - Hmmm, is black? - It built a half-cup bra-income Very Sexy red. - What size do you need? -asked the VanessaLoura. Vanessa wrinkle the forehead. How could have reached the age of 17 without knowing what was the size of your bra? I do not know well - she muttered almost inaudible. Vanessa Louro smiled a benevolent way. - Go to a room of evidence, and here I measure you. After the talk you are looking for. We will find something in the style you like, it is well on his body and is comfortable too! What do you think? Vanessa seats with reluctance. Not exactly like the idea of someone measure their breasts and did not know what he wanted, but the Bay Vanessa seemed a professional and she had already gone too far to quit. - Since it is black - she insisted. We know, we know. Gossipgirl.net events were curtailed to protect the innocent. I mean, I do. Hi, guys! AME HER SISTER, BUT NO OTHER Drew my attention that we have not heard a peep on the half-brother of skytech of B, the lovely A. You may be thinking that he is busy studying for the tests and met with the new band. But no. He's hiding. And I'm almost convinced that the reason why he is hiding because he is dealing with some serious problems. The latest of these is that he called his friend drummer M to go with him to St. Barts, and I suspect that the reason for him to do this is that M B keep busy and out of your sight. Your email Q: Dear GG, So the health of the class of J and I know she is doing therapy because of the obsession it has with navel. She, like so, you must go to the bathroom all the time you make sure that it is still there, and when changed clothes for physical education class when she looks at the entire world. Is it an aberration. - Ronisays A: Hi, ronasays, So, what is the problem? Umbilicus are sensual. At least mine is. - GG Q: Hi, GG, I was just thinking that you would like to know that I think I live in the same building of B you always talk, and sometimes I catch her correspondence by mistake. Her mother receives tons of letters from New Beginnings, which is either a clinic for fertility or a counseling center for drugs and alcohol. I looked in the phone book. - Peekaboo A: Hi, peekaboo, Let's hope that it will only give money to them and not really use their services. - GG Flagra S giving the doorman a snowman of solid chocolate with a meter height of gold wrapped in paper Godiva. Flow is really exaggerating, unless S has another admirer - she plays the cards out without even reading. D looking for water in 79 of the pier, looking for inspiration. V in a bar in Billyburg, testing its new figure improved by Victoria's Secret, perhaps? B and S out of J. Sisters Salon, after making waxing to St. Barts. It seems that there will be amazing! Have wonderful holiday and do not forget to have fun like crazy. I know I am. See you there!
For you who love me, gossip girl b is stuck in economy class, attracting men like flies Blair Waldorf, the testing proposal to the University of Yale, December 23 What I most like in the film persona of Audrey Hepburn is that she is proud and accessible at the same time. She hovers, but is down to earth. It is mysterious, but open. Blair stopped typing and pressed the backspace of your iBook until all words were deleted. Persona film? What the hell was that? It was with that she looked like something unusual for the banking cineastra, as Vanessa Abrams, the head of scraped knees and the class of fatty cinema. The case was that Blair had to write about Audrey Hepburn as appeared in the movies, and not as a real person, because Blair honestly did not know much about the real Audrey, unless it had stopped using Givenchy when she became older, all cut only the hair and wore khakis and black rule neck all the time. Blair had caught a lot of books on Audrey Hepburn in the library, but not passed the first chapter. I do not know the problems of colitis of Audrey, or from his work in UNICEF. It was much more interesting was how the life of Audrey than reading about real life. - What is writing? - Miles said, adding the orange juice with a minigarrafa of Smirnoff vodka. Aaron Miles had invited to spend the Christmas with him in St. Barts and decided not to tell Blair that were in the check-in counter of United Airlines. It was quite obvious that the only reason for Miles to go was because he thought it would all the time of the trip with Blair. But Blair was determined to make it understand, even before aterrisagem, he had made a sad mistake. - Nothing - she said without looking at him. They had to leave the apartment in very bad time of 7:45 in the morning. Now it was a plane in the afternoon and was still an hour of St. Barts. Aaron was asleep, or maybe I was only pretending not to have to see Miles on top of giving Blair. Serena was listening to Coldplay in discman, relieved to be away from the constant flood of gifts from Flow. Tyler playing chess in his Game Boy and was in a bad mood, Why at the last minute the mother of his friend, the prince Rolf von Wurtzel, decided not to let Rolf was St. Barts with Tyler because the young German prince had a problem embarrassing to pee in bed. Blair moved the ice cubes in your drink with a brown plastic canudinho. Thank God for small favors. - I tried to talk to you all week - said Miles as a reclining chair in an attempt to stretch your legs long. To great dismay of Blair, all were done squeezed sardine in economy class. - But I have written the wrong number or something. Blair continued with eyes on the computer screen. No, she answered quietly. Is that I gave you the wrong number. Miles extended his arm and passed by the fingers tips of hair from Blair. - I missed you - he whispered. She looked at him without smiling, eyes and departed again, asking yourself what Audrey Hepburn would do in this situation unpleasant.___________________________________________________________________themes / previous / next / do a question / answer warning: all the real names of places, people and 
You know those religious fanatics who are in the car stickers that say: "What would Jesus?" Well, Blair had a look that said: "What would Audrey do?" Not that she had something wrong against Miles. He was not a tallowy Armani and wore beautiful clothes. He was nice and was a friend of Aaron, who was also a nice guy, but if she could choose, would not have any half-brother. Blair should have felt flattered with the attention of Miles, and maybe you feel if you were in the mood for shame on man. But the reality was that one of the afternoon, squeezed in the economic class of a small plane and bum, with the computer in the neck and hair-tail of a dirty-horse, she was not willing to paquerar anyone. - Excuse me, miss, be interested in a copy of Vogue brtanica? - Asked the flight attendant in first class. He seemed a Pierce Brosnan newest and tallest, and if it were not using a uniform United Arlin, which could well be a cat. Blair picked up the magazine. Realized that the flight attendant was not going to review all the economy class, alone. - I can serve you a drink? Champagne? - Offered him with a twinkling. Blair left the magazine on the floor. Was not for him to see that she was busy? - No, thanks, she replied. Miles delivered the empty glass of vodka with orange juice to the Commissioner. - I'll have another such. The flight attendant took the glass, looking angry because Blair had specifically asked if she wanted something and would now have to pay the waiter for the arrogant teenager sitting next to her. Miles returned to move the tip of the hair of Blair. - It will not read the magazine? Blair wanted to tell him to put the magazine at the tail of his Armani, but she knew that in this situation Audrey remain calm and continue to do what it was doing in the hope that the impertinent understand the hint and left in peace. She turned its attention to the test. What he meant was that Audrey had all the qualities that Blair believed that a woman should have. Style, beauty, grace, intelligence, espirituosidade, courage and a certain mystery which formed with the men fall for her. But Blair was not stupid. I could not say in its proposal for Yale that the reason to admire Audrey Hepbrun was qe she was irresistible to men, especially after Blair had kissed the interviewer. The Miss. Glos said it was not to be too literary. Blair put his fingers on the keyboard and began typing again, letting the words fluissem, without which the plan would mean. Sometimes I dream that I am Audrey Hepburn. Snto me lighter and more pure, and even talk to her elegant accent. Audrey made everything look easy. She never had evidence of advanced studies, nor had to rewrite a test for a proposal for a stupid university. Never had to leave on vacation with her mother and stepfather with the fat and irritating, and with the annoying and excitadinho friend's half-brother. Her boyfriend never switched to a girl of ten years. If they had problems, she kept the same for you and dealt with them alone, instead of counting everyone in the world, including the interviewer from Yale. When I am in Audrey feel I can dominate the world. Blair releu what he had written and then marked the entire paragraph and delete. When I'm a psycho Audrey Eu was more appropriate. "A beautiful day and ESA in the region, as we began our descent to St. Barts," the deep voice of the captain left the voice system of the plane. "I want to thank all take for flying with us today. Especially want to thank the beautiful brunette in 24B. Have great parties, and I hope they choose the United again when traveling." Twenty-four B. Blair looked at the small label on the roof. It was the place of it. She imagined that the pilot was on top of it or he did? Miles was still afagando the hair of her. The flight attendant returned with the drink of Miles and a glass of champagne for Blair, said that although she had not wanted. - With the compliments of the pilot, said the flight attendant with a malicious smile. Blair felt like Mia Farrow in Alice, the film by Woody Allen that Mr. Beckham did not see the class once, but twice. In the film, Alice's mother-obtusa that Park Avenue, it was a strange place in Chinatown, where they ate weeds interesting Chinese men made it attracted flies. As never refuse a drink when it is extended, Blair took a glass of champagne and closed his laptop, put it in the Louis Vuitton folder and put under the front seat. The plane was starting to fall, and outside of the window the warm Caribbean Sea glowed promising. Blair turned the ruby ring on his finger repeatedly, anxious to put the new Gucci black bikini and go to the beach, get away from everything and everyone. Aaron opened his eyes and straight is the seat, blocking your view. He smiled at her. - Ended his essay? - Fuck you, Blair replied. d is ready or not - More curry! - Rufus Humphrey growl for tomato sauce after you prove it .- More rum! - It was Friday afternoon and their annual holiday spree should begin in an hour. - But, Dad, the lasagna should not be Italian? - Argued Dan His father stressed the bastas gray eyebrows and cleaned their hands in the sauce shirt SAVE THE COMMIES! white and dirty. - When did you become miser? - He waved a spoon to stick his head above the .- There are no rules, only possibilities! Dan has to shoulder and put some dark glasses of rum in the sauce. Not all that surprised when the delirious with lasagne father. After a few bites, were a complete drunk. - So, who is the guy who called his sister? - Rufus asked. He used words such as face to mock the way Dan and Jenny spoke. It was totally annoying. His name is Nate said Da-abstractedly .- It is very cool-he added, but had great certainty that the father desprezaria Nate, who wore polo shirt and had a haircut expensive. Wore leather shoes and belt, and in general was so stoned he could not have a conversation without erupt in a giggle mules in the middle of it. But the not bother to explain that if the father. I was too distracted by the fact that Vanessa would come to qualuqer minute and he almost be convinced to say that she wanted sex. - Well, let's hope that Nate likes of Lasagne Punjabi-gracejou Rufus, chianti filling the giant mug of coffee Mets. The doorbell rang and Rufus went to greet the old friend, Lyle Gross, who he had met in the park twenty years before. Lyle was one of those guys who does not get old, and when we see them sitting on a bench in park, listening to a Mets game in the portable radio and a copy of weeks studying the Daily News that he had found in the trash. He was a writer, he said, but Dan has not seen any proof. - Got grape-Lyle said. Had combed the gray hair on the bald and wore a mustard-yellow sweater, brown wool trousers and a white Nike shoes. There was injured in the neck, where he cut while shaving. It was difficult to look at it means .- Hi, Danielson! - Oi. - said Dan Lyle always add some flourishes to the name of the people. Probably he thought it was hilarious, but Dan did not see any funny about it. Rufus took the grapes and threw to Dan - Put some of those in there too-ordered it. - Fine .- suspicious, Dan got a few of the bag and placed in the sauce. By this time he could play one of the Marx cc?s there that nobody would notice. Marx was his obese cat, which was now esparramado on the kitchen table, between a blade and a huge disk of parmesan cheese. While Rufus and Lyle were in the room choosing a vinyl collation of Rufus, Dan mexou the sauce with the wobbly hand, wondering how exactly it should refer the matter sex with Vanessa. He told her he wanted it to be organic, but who was he kidding? Now just what was wanted it to end quickly, so that it could re-write, because he was sick of watching the bloquinho with black and white head as empty as the sheet of paper. Dan moved the sauce ever faster, until the red tomato paste overflowed the edge of the pot. He would simply have to talk about crack and hoped that Vanessa not Risse him. v is in the right place at the wrong time Vanessa should already be in the home of Dan, but had all the equipment loaded film comj her, and was a quarry - first in the L subway line in Williamsburg for 14 and then west on the line and for the Central Park - and the afternoon was so beautiful that it would be a shame not something while filming was in the street. Snowy had the night before and the paths of the park were frozen and slippery. The path of the frozen lake, Vanessa wanted to put the new Victoria's Secret underwear in the bag instead be using the clothes underneath. The rent seemed cold skin and was scratching everywhere wrong. After the lake had a huge oak, the branches fall with pendants of ice. Vanessa picked up the camera in the box. I could film the pendants and use them in the opening credits of the film essay about New York. What nice way to introduce the film. For a moment, people think that had been run in a serene rural area. Then it cut to something distinctly urban, and shippers of beef carcasses bloody landing on West Street. She lost time with the lens, trying to close one of the pendants and then back to an overview. Seemed a little National Geographic do it otherwise. Dan always said that she needed to take more action in films, but insisted that Vanessa movie was exactly as poetry. Nothing had to happen necessarily, just had to feel something. And while Vanessa was standing in the snow on the shores of the frozen lake, trying to capture the beauty of the perfect moment and pendants of ice, she finally felt one thing: a black thong ass in the freezing of income. That afternoon, Nate had led Jenny to see the matinee of The nutcracker at Lincoln Center. It was exactly as Nate remember, with the huge Christmas tree and the amazing size fighting in mice. Jenny was sitting amazed, fascinated by the music, the scenery, costumes and dancers - especially the Fairy Sugar. The heart of it was about to explode in the end, when Clara and her nutcracker prince go to heaven in a sleigh pulled by horses. Then Jenny and Nate should follow straight to her house for dinner to Rufus, but there was a more perfect to destroy an afternoon walk than go to the home of the father, who, with his shirt that was pouring in the kitchen rum and a bottle of ketchup economic size in a pan. Nate was so perfect all day, holding her hand and pointing to the preferred shares of the ballet. Until the appearance of it was perfect, of Cashmere in gray jacket and blue shirt to winkle. So, instead, Jenny decided to go home by the longest path through Central Park. When reached the path to the lake in boats, it took Nate's hand and shook. Their black boots of suede soles had a smooth and She slipped in the ice. Now that was no longer distracted by the ballet, she could not fail to understand the strange sensation of irritation in the ass. In silence she reminded herself to relax - not stuck with the panties, I was just using the new thong. The free hand of Nate was locked in the bag of weed in the pocket of the jacket of wool, keeping it warm. There was nothing worse than frozen grass. It is all soaked and made a tremendous smoke when you light up. He wanted to turn so they left the ballet, but there was something surreal and beautiful diving in the snow in the sun and the heat of the hand of his that Jenny did not bother to tighten one. He just wanted to talk. - You have a bag to go to Maine tomorrow - he said. - But I finished my proposal for the university, then you'll be good to go to a peaceful place. My interviewer at Brown said they have a nice new course called Studies of Science and Technology. I was thinking that, if there, I could draw boats as part of my graduation. Jenny based, concentrated in the feet. She did not want Nate travel tomorrow. I wanted to make it to college, too. The lake was in sight now. In spring, Nate liked being in the gazebo, hit one and look at the ducks swimming and filhotinhos there. The lake is now completely frozen. Maybe they could walk up to him. - It is strange - he continued. - At this time last year, I knew exactly where would the next year: here, in the city, going to school and zanzando with friends, as it always did. But I have no idea where I will be next year. It is very crazy. Jenny turned to look at Nate, asking himself as he react if she told you right now that loved him. The face of the cold it was pink, and the tip of the ears adorable and perfect. He was so beautiful that Jenny was willing to scream when he looked for.
- I'm using dental floss-Jenny dropped before it could contain it. She started walking faster. Do not believe you said that! - Wait. What? - Nate accelerated the step to accompany it. Neither had heard what she said.Jenny dropped his hand. - I'm using dental floss! - She exclaimed, now a little higher. Then she laughed and started running, slipping and sliding up the hill by the lake frozen. Nate heard this time. He dropped the bag and began running after her. - Hey! Querro I see that thong! - He shouted with voice vampire. Jenny winch and continued to run. Her eyes grow damp and the cold breath was stuck in the throat. Nate chased across the ice covered with snow, where the feet of Jenny skulk underneath it, falling estatelada under a large oak adorned with long pendants of ice crystal. He threw it up as a pump and two rolled, breathless and laughing grudando snow in hair. Nate Jenny turned face down and pulled the coat it. - Let me see, let me see! - He shouted, holding a pair of black velvet Jenny from behind and pulling them down to have a glimpse of butt naked. - Wait! - Jenny yelled, laughing and winches. She closed his eyes hard, unable to hold any longer. Hold on. Nate, I love you. Nate was stopped for a moment, absorbing the information. Then, instead of it will come, kiss her and say that I loved her, he blew a loud and bonitinhas the pink cheeks of her ass and then turned back, exhaled clouds of hot air to the cold blue sky. Jenny was estatelada for a few seconds, catching my breath. Then he put the foot and arranged the clothes. I was happy to have finally spoken, but it would have been more cool if Nate said the same thing. He should have said "I love you" and then taken in a horse sleigh to the land of nuncca. But just what Nate did was make a bang-of-mouth in the ass naked Jenny. - You are not using the underwear with the sail, are you? - She asked full of hope, trying to keep the game as it had begun. - I know there. - Nate unfasten the belt. Arriou his trousers to the hips. Chess-blue. Sorry. - OK - Jenny responded quickly, pulling jacket around the body. - Hey - she said, changing the subject. - Go to the statue of Romeo and Juliet. It is my favorite and is on the way. Nate spent much time in the park, but had no idea what she was talking about. - What statue of Romeo and Juliet? Jenny rub your hands with your hands. - Forget la.Vou show you when we arrive. -Are you cold? - Nate asked, based on the elbows and taking her hand. - Come here. Jenny hesitated for a second and then lowered. Nate pulled up to him and passed it underneath the arms of his jacket, kissing the forehead and then each of her cheeks pink and cold. She spent the lips on his chin and could not resist saying again. Maybe, just maybe, he had not heard the first time. -I love you - she whispered. This time Nate had to respond. He was embraced with her and Jenny looked in his eyes green with its large brown eyes, waiting. And they had just finished watching the nutcracker, the love of God, it was a love story, in case you do not remember. - I love you too - he muttered. After they kissed for a long time. The red hat of Jenny fell and its dark-brown curls fell on his face, hiding it. But not very well. Dan said to Vanessa that films it needed more action. Well, here was finally some action. Yes, the icicle were excellent, superb. But how many times you via a woman with the butt out in the snow? How many times have you by a guy totally tidy arriando pants in the full light of day in the middle of winter? And how many times you via a couple rolls in the same coat in the frozen lake in the middle of the city's busy world? If Vanessa had at least one helicopter, and she would have shot over the path, up until then that the couple were just a tip in the middle of the grid of Manhattan. But she had no helicopter, then would have to be creative in the assembly. Best of all was that she had not given a full zoom on the face of the couple, then they could be anyone of any age - you with your boyfriend or your grandmother with her boyfriend. It was pure poetry, rough and beautiful. She could barely wait to show Dan Wait. Will it do so before or after to show him what it has under the collar rule black wool skirt and black? Ia isla bonita The Isle of IaPaix resort on the island of St. Barts, it was the kind of place where are the celebrities who want to hide the women and middle-aged society in New York who want to and recover from a plastic surgery. Unless someone is or know someone, you can not stay there. But by coincidence Cyrus Rose, the stepfather of Blair, had a builder who had done the resort, and so the three villages that he and Blair reserved for mother of the family were the best of all. The village of Blair and Serena had a deck surrounding the house which could see the resort's pool, where women over forty years with surgically enhanced breasts and thighs surgically reduced lie in hammocks using sunglasses and huge loop without JEANS , pretending to read magazines while taking a French fashion drunk with rum punch in the house. One of the women had a small Bichon emphasizes, and even the dog was wearing sunglasses. Across the deck, they could see the stretch of perfect white sand beach, where women were taking more new sun of topless and men velejavam lightly in the windsurfing boards, pretending not to see. The sea was so clear and in a tone of blue-green that seemed so perfect false. Serena is seated on the porch, smoking a Gitane and browsing the French Elle, hoping that Blair got it before finding the other in the dining room for a late lunch. She had washed her hair, which fell on the shoulders and naked on the back of his top yellow Diane von Furstenberg. After the bath, she became one of self tanning lotion Lanc?me throughout the body and the skin had acquired a healthy golden brown. The tiny mini-skirt of denim Agnes B. poorly covered the thighs, and feet were a pair of sandals from strips of white leather encrusted crystals. Near the grade of the deck, a hummingbird sugava the pollen of a hibiscus, a flower adejando the other. Serena wondered why was not a single flower, and take a good long drink and instead of getting it moving much. Good question. - Hello? Forgiveness? - Serena heard a man say with a French accent. She erased the cigarette with the soles of sandals and stood up. A man using a shirt Isle of Ia Paix was stopped at the foot of the staircase of the deck, holding a huge bouquet of flowers tropical rare. - ?a e'est pour vous, mademoiselle - he announced, bringing the flowers up and deliver them to Serena. My God. Will Flow were spies or something? How did he find? Serena took the flowers and smell. - Thank you. - No problem - he replied. He was almost turning around when Blair opened the screen door of the village and went to the deck. - It is better that my mother has an account on the bar she said Serena even before realizing the c.ara.Blair was using a take-it-fall of Jersey beige silk which was almost the same color of your tan Lanc?me. By far, it seemed that was completely naked. Feet had a pair of red rubber sandals she had bought at the drugstore, and she put a fake diamond ring in the left big toe, trying a new visual garbage-wealthy. She saw the face of the resort looking for her. - Yes? - Asked. - Parlez-vous anglais? The man seemed embarrassed. - Sorry. I just wanted to say "welcome" the two most beautiful girls on the island. Fortunately, his accent was very sensual. It was the only way he can get out of saying something completely brega. - Thank you. See you later - Blair said, with him. - Enjoy the flowers, mademoiselle - said the man, seat for Serena. Then he laughed again and went to Blair. Blair penteou the hair with your fingers and espiou the sea. I was getting kind of boring lead singing of every man who passed by. Serena put the flowers on the table of rattan in the middle of the deck. - Who are they? - Asked Blair. Serena has to shoulder. - Do not think you should ask. Blair went to the table and got the card in a glass vase square where the flowers were. - "Have wonderful holiday and did not stress too much with the wedding plans", read it aloud. - "Love, your dear friends K and L" Blair and Serena is looked and exploded in laughter. Serena was really relieved to discover that maybe you did not warrant Flow all those present. The snowman and chocolate basket full of baby barracudas, for example. Kati and Isabel Perhaps they also have warrant. Come on - she took the arm of Blair, pulling it to the staircase of the town. -We will leave Cyrus in paying a drink! And Aaron Miles were playing backgammon in the bar and trying to get Tyler ate fried mussels. The mother of Cyrus and Blair were still sailing on the yacht of someone, then had not seen those yet. The dining hall of the resort was not really a hall, but a large covered deck facing the beach and the sea perfectly blue-green. On one side of the deck, there was a bar of bamboo and glass, with white leather seats. Very modern tropical chic. - Two Cocas with rum, please - Blair said in French to the bartender. The good to be a French island was that you did not need to worry about showing identity. Not that she showed to her very often. Serena took the drink and hit the glass in the Blair. - We - offered her. After the two threw his head back and drank only a sip. - Wow - Miles muttered, looking at Blair with admiration. He was wearing a black Armani pants over polo shirt and a cement-gray Armani and looked pale, now that was out of town. - How to do it without a burp then as truck driver? Blair laughed and wiped his lips with the back of the hand. - Practice. Aaron shook his head. His skytech seemed more appropriate now, with the beach in the background. He put his hands in the pockets of the shorts over the olive. - Do not know if this is cause for pride. Blair goggle. - So it seems that you never drink. Aaron has to shoulder. - I drink. Only I prefer to drink water when I'm thirsty. Tyler has a bite in the mussels and then spat on the cocktail napkin. - And Blair drink all - he joked. Blair was about to hit him, but then saw his mother and walking the docks Cyrus. Cyrus holding the elbow of Eleanor as if worried that it stumble. If it were anyone else, Blair could have thought it was sweet, but nothing in their view of what Cyrus did was sweet. Eleanor wore a dress garish pink and green Lilly Pulitzer white cover of frogs would be better if all of a color and a bit more cover your legs not too thin. The hair with lamps were tied with a strip of linen white, and his face was deeply tanned. Cyrus was with linen trousers and a red folds of striped polo shirt of navy blue and white. His face was red and glowed, and he could not look more pigs. What does "like a pig" for those who have evil in the test of verbal ability. Eleanor Waldorf Rose winch when he saw there at the bar. - Hi, guys! - She screamed, running and giving a tight hug Tyler.Ela in the ditch and was shot at Blair. - I miss many of you. And I have so much to tell! Serena smiled politely. - Hi, Mrs. Rose - the mother of Blair was eccentric way, but was much less arrogant that the mother of Serena. Cyrus shook the hand of Aaron. - Good to see you, son. I called my lawyer, then I think you and Blair managed to not burn the building while we were away. Aaron laughed. - Ah, fire. We are building a new for you now. Vai see when I get back. Vai is very nice. Blair decided to some fun too. Or maybe she was just drunk. - I'm pregnant - she said. She put his arm around Miles. - This is Miles. He is the father. The laughter vanished from the face of Aaron. - Since when you comedian? - Eleanor asked, tilt the head of surprise to the sense of humor of obscene daughter. Blair took the arm of the shoulders of Miles and shot the mother a wry smile. - Since I was kicked out of Constance. Serena laughed. - It is a cascateira. Cyrus took Blair to the fleshy foot and pulled a hug. - Someone is in a good mood! - He said. No more. Dropping Blair, Cyrus did signal to the bartender. - Champagne for all! Blair estremeceu. Brega that thing. Eleanor gave a pat on the belly. - Not for me, honey. When she refused champagne? - Sobra more for us - Cyrus Blair blinked and went to the bowls for Aaron, Blair, Serena, and Tyler Miles. Eleanor gave a glass of soda and then put the cup in front of him. - Our big happy family - offered him, laughing like a fool. Blair had had enough of family for today. - We can sit down to eat? - Gemeu it. - I'm hungry - had not provided the mother vomit and Cyrus left, but was with a feeling that anything you eat today would not be there for long. They were flock to the hall, dining outdoors and if the stools sat on a white leather. A ceiling fan circulating lazily in a light breeze and ran the leaves of palm trees around. All, except Aaron, asked hamburgers. It was a French restaurant and there was only one vegetarian dish on the menu. - I just want salad and chips - he said the waiter, lighting a cigarette in their natural special. - We had a honeymoon wonderful - Eleanor spoke excited, going on a roll and butter devouring it as if you were stuck on an island for weeks without any food. Much weight since she left in honeymoon Blair was asked whether that should give a hint. But I am happy that you have coming, boys. Cyrus shook the arm of her. - And your mother and I have a big surprise for you - he said, blue eyes more than ever the bulbs. Eleanor put their fingers full of diamonds in fatty hips. - Shhh - she said. - Only at Christmas. Aaron Blair felt the knee of your leg touching under the table and, in time to depart, he left there. It was one of her small pleasures misapplied - the esbarr?o casual knee, her hand ro?ando to him when she took the bread, the smell of it in your ear when she sighed of boredom. He knew that Blair had finished bathing, although her hair is dry, because it smelled like your favorite shampoo, coconut, Kiehl's. He also noticed that her skin was more golden than when they were on the plane, then she obviously used some kind of tanning lotion to come soon after that. He knew that her fingernails were painted in pink and clear that she was no clock. And he hated to see these things, because things were a brother should not repair. Tyler viewed discouraged their Coca-Cola. I have a stamp of discs a day and make clips for MTV. Not only was 11anos only have a bag of age and have to spend the holidays with his family instead of going to Ozzfest, but also all the other had a friend there unless it. - No heats up, man - Aaron said, noticing the lower lip of the projected half-brother. - As we eat, Miles and I will take you to do jet-ski. Tyler caught a straw cup and tried to light it with the Zippo of Aaron. - Legal - he said, trying to keep the image of poor while using short caqui of folds absurdly nerd and a green Lacoste shirt. Then the food arrived, and Cyrus and Eleanor began to speak of the highlights of the cruise honeymoon. Last week they went up and saw a volcano-rays sandpaper in Martinique. In St.Johns, Cyrus bought for an Eleanor of coral and diamond brooch that had been found on a ship in Virgin Gorda naufragado.E they have cocktails with Albert Finney, who supposedly was a very famous old actor that none of them ever heard . Serena is turned off. She and Blair were sitting in front of the beach, and the sky above the water a seaplane made a loop and plunged. It soon became clear that the plane wrote letters in the sky. How did that? And it would be fun if the pilot was semi-illiterate? Semicerrou her eyes when I read the word is drawing in the sky, assuming that would be in French. S-E-R-E-N-A.The hand of Serena flew to her mouth and cutucou Blair with strength in elbow. Blair cutucou Serena with the same force. She took a folded white cart?ozinho, placed on the table, and handed to Serena. Serena of the fingers were trembling as she read the typology golden printed on card: Please make your reservations for the Isle of Ia Paix Christmas Party featuring the 45 Eight-midnight Serena took Blair's hand and shook. The only thing that would keep the two sound of Christmas was becoming drunk together. - Oh, look! - Ping Eleanor, causing Serena and Blair jumping on the chair. She pointed to the reception desk of the restaurant. - St. Bartholomew Bass and Misty! She lowered the voice to a whisper. - I heard that Misty removed the liver ... she has a terrible problem with the drink ... but I think she is right. I wonder if they came here by boat. What a clever way to stay dry. I mean, you can not drink a lot in a boat is not taking any alcoholic beverage. Misty and Bartholomew Bass, the parents of the infamous Chuck Bass, were giving entry to the hotel, a pile of Louis Vuitton bags at the feet of them. Blair and Chuck Serena waited that appear behind the parents - it would be very lucky - but there was no sign of him. - It was her appendix, mother - said Blair after a minute. It seemed that Chuck had stayed at home, thank God. - She had appendicitis. It was no big deal. - Well, it was not what I knew - Eleanor insisted. -Anyway, I do not know if they will spend the Christmas here. She looked around the restaurant, afagando the coral and diamond brooch with your fingertips. - I heard that some celebrities usually stay here too, although it has not seen any that I recognize.
Cyrus has been set to placing a potato chip in the mouth of Eleanor. - Just to make sure you're consuming all the vitamins and minerals, honey - he said lovingly. Blair was sure that the mother did not need more of potato chips and had also not sure that I would sit there watching the food Cyrus mother. That gave him an even greater desire to vomit. - Excuse me - and muttered Blair fired the table in search of the women's restroom closer. All were so accustomed to the sudden exit of Blair that no one has the slightest to that, but think of Serena hated Blair forcing the vomit in the bathroom. She left the cloth napkin from the hamburger untouched. - Thanks for lunch - she said with a weak voice. Then got up and ran behind Blair to see if she was well, keeping the adorable blond hair down in the case of Flow be there around, spying behind a palm. who really wants to know the victoria's secret? - Wait just to see what I just bought - Vanessa told Dan while he sat in the dining room table of his father. Jenny Nate had not yet arrived, but Rufus had drunk too much red wine and was eager to eat. - It is completely crazy. Vai be very proud of me. - You 'filmmaker, Vanessamonda? - Asked Lyle, The friend's father, Dan, serving up a little lasagna. - What kind of films you do? Vanessa drank a sip of water. - In black and white. You know, without much action. Lyle filled the rest of the plate with baked beans, monitoring that Rufus had chosen to serve with the lasagna. - Movies of art, huh? Vanessa seats. - I guess. - I am more to the films of adventure. Have you seen The Mumia? For me, it is a perfect movie. But Vanessa was not listening. Nate and Jenny had just arrived and were making the jacket in the vestibule. - Sorry, Dad - Jenny was out of breath, taking his hat. Vanessa immediately recognized the hat. It was red and fuzzy, like the girl in the park. And Nate was wearing a long navy blue jacket, like the guy in the park. He also had the same way to mauricinho and the same golden-brown hair. Vanessa down the fork. Epa. - Dad, and that Nate - Jenny said, taking Nate to the table. She seemed to be dancing around the table, kissing everyone there. Knew it was not possible to be so happy. Nate said that he loved! Nate shook the hand of her father. - Nice to know him, Mr. Humphrey. Rufus was full of mouth and used the wine to help swallow. - Nate, my boy, you are the reason for my daughter to have caught more than four hundred U.S. dollars loaned me last month is finally nice to meet you - Rufus departed from the table next to his chair. - Come, sit down. Jenny was so alvoro?ada not matter if the father of her embarrassed you. She just hoped it was nice to Nate. - Well, tell me, Nate - became Rufus, serving the wine cup in a gallon of Nate. - What is your? Nate smiled. Jennifer's father seemed nice. - Boats - he replied. - My parents have a house in Mount Desert, in Maine. Me and my dad do it and sailing boats. Dan Rufus hoped to begin devouring Nate alive, esbravejando about the selfishness of the class of idle and useless things like sailing, but Rufus seemed to be fascinated and continued asking questions to Nate. Normally, such a hypocrisy ceased Dan crazy, but he also was distrafdo other with what it meant to Vanessa to bother with his father talking to a fucking stoned spoiled as Nate. He took his lasagna. Ten more minutes and would ask permission for him and Vanessa could "talk" in your room. Suddenly, Rufus hit the table. - One time, I spend all the dishes. I think this would have a lasagne taste much better if flambada. - Parent - Jenny gemeu. He would shame it completely. It was inevitable. Nate went to the plate Rufus, who lit a match and dropped in for Nate lasagne. Both had the rum sauce that lasagne caught fire. - Yeah! - Nate exclaimed. Rufus and Jenny laughed happily passed the plate for him, a broad smile on the face of excitement arrested. It seemed that they were engaged! Dan could not endure more. Turned up and bent his head to Vanessa. - Can I talk to you a minute? - He was very nervous, hands train. - Okay - Vanessa retorted, suddenly nervous tambem.Sera who dare to go ahead with it and show it to the new costumes? Lyle took the plate and he turned it on fire. - Thank you - she muttered distracted. Dan stood up. - Come on. Vanessa picked up the bag and followed by the long corridor to the quarto.O department of Humphreys was one of those relics that were not leased retired since the 1940s. It was large and dirty, with the wooden floor cracked and paint peeling on the walls, and smelled like old shoes and binding mofada. Dan once found a deck which was printed in 1955, still sealed, on a shelf of the office of her father. All kings seemed Elvis Presley. They were amazing. - And then? - Dan began bluntly while closing the door of the room. - I wanted to tell you something. Vanessa sat on the ground and untied shoelaces of the boot of the fight. If you would continue with what it had to make quick, before we stop and consider the matter. - Arr? - she took the half of it and put the boots. Two nights ago, she left her sister, Ruby, paint the nails of the feet of her chocolate-brown. Were still very good. She stood up and undo the cardiga black. Dan was up to the table and got the last block black, thinking that perhaps, if the show Vanessa as his poetry was bad, she understand why he had to sex. He browse the pages. They were full of beginnings of poems such as: you are my Frankenstein, my Liechtenstein, my God.None of them had end they were all too awful to be completed. Read them left the red with shame. - I can not write anything else of good - he said, still browsing the block. Vanessa has a black wool skirt and pulled the shirt collar of rule black head scraped by. Then he raised his hands with the hips, hoping that if Dan became. - I went thinking, perhaps the reason that I can not write anything is because ... - Dan closed the block and turned. - I need ... - He stopped suddenly. Vanessa was standing near his bed, using a half-cup bra-income black and short-income black thin and transparent so that Dan could see everything through them. Of course. And for that they serve. She laughed and hit the eyelashes. - What do you think? Dan looked at her, terrified. It was the last thing I expected to see. - What are you doing? Vanessa approached him, trying not to think about what were their thighs and the lower back that supercurta thong. She became the hands on the shoulders of Dan All his body shake. She did not know if that was good or bad. Dan gave a look in the room. - There is filming this, this? - He asked, suspicious. In general Vanessa asked him first if he wanted to be one of her films, but he had already seen Vanessa trying to shoot something quite rough without saying anything to it first. She shook her head. - Kiss Me - she said. Dan crossed his arms. He knew what was arming Vanessa. So? They were in love. Why does not he simply attacked? Any other guy atacaria.Mas Dan definitely was not any one guy. He was Dan, the romantic sensitive. He does not want to be the first time by a atravancada-income black lingerie. It was premeditated and other cliche too e. .. wrong. He wanted it to be pure, espontaneo e. .. perfect. Dan took a step back and turned his head to the side. - Sorry - he said. Vanessa felt she had pressed and maybe Dan was not being fair, but was just trying to have fun a little. It was trying to do is irresistible to him, but he obviously was able to resist well. She took the exit at the bed and quickly put on his head, feeling completely humiliated. Dan lit cigarette urn and took urn long shot. - You show me what you filmed in the park? - He asked. Hmmm. Maybe not. Vanessa shook her head, unable to look at it. Pulled the skirt and the button Cardigan. Dan put the cigarette into an empty coffee cup. - I think we should return the table, then. Vanessa the boot and tied it up. - Although I think I will - she said, voice shaking. Not cried since that was about four years, but it seemed that was about to cry now. Dan based, is divided between feeling to ask her what was the problem and want to leave it so that he could try to write again. What they say to each other if it was, alias? And strange as a relationship can change completely after you see his girlfriend using a small lingerie. Vanessa went to the door and opened it. - Bye - she said little. - Bye - Dan replied as the door closes. He went to the table, sat up and opened the block, hoping that his confusion about what had just happened the inspiration to write something brilliant. But not happened, and then he was sitting there, smoking like a chimney. the art of leaving j n scared - Can you give me leave, Dad? - Jenny asked. - I want to show my room to Nate. Rufus looked bad for her. - Mais oui - he said in French urn terrfvel.-Bien s?r. Jenny goggle. When the father drank much red wine, he tried to take the personality of a beat poet cool, smoking cigarettes and talking in a French coffee boemio. Like father like son. - Come on - she said to Nate, leading him by corridor to the room. She opened the door and lit the lamp. Nate did not expect to be surprised in the fourth Jenny. the rest of the apartment was confortave1 middle and falling to pieces, like a country house that was never cleaned, and he hoped that the room it was more so. But Jenny hated the smooth walls of a grimy white, the ceiling cracked, the surface of bare wood and the old white sheets, and it was a good artist. So, in recent months, she began painting, particularly portraits, and his favorite subject, of course, Nate was. There were six of them in total, each made in the style of a different artist. There was the Nate of Monet, the impressionist style, and Nate of Picasso, with eyes on the feet, and Nate of Dali, dripping a puddle on the sidewalk, and Nate of Warhol, with electric green eyes and hair in, gold, Nate of Pollock, with the ink respingada in the form of a head, and Nate of Changall, with the head of Nate flying at night sky. - You like? - Jenny asked full of hope. _ I'm trying to copy all the different styles. The Pollock is one of the most difficult. Nate looked gaping the paintings on the wall. Pollock did not know what was, not recognized any of the styles of other artists who use Jenny, but he recognized six times and that was enough to make it stop. -So it is that I spent most of the time-Jenny explained cheerfully. Nate was so lovely talking to her father that she was even more in love with him. Courageously, she stood tiptoe and put their hands on his shoulders. -I kind of wanted to kiss you all night - sussurou it with the voice rouxa; Nate was hard, but not the way you think. Yes normally such moves would make a beautiful erection, but Nate had just had a very clear framework for moving Jenny hours alone in a room painting those retartos good, but extremely strange, him. The case was that he had said to Jenny that I loved her. And that means he was sincere all the time. But is she now hoped that he, like, so deflorasse or something? He kissed a light in the mouth. -I better go. I have to make the bags for tomorrow, those things. Jenny wrinkle the forehead. -Oh, please do not go - she laughed and looked at the floor. - I'm still as dental floss. Nate had to leave before it started to get the clothes in front of her collection of art. Fortunately not had to invent a good excuse to go immediately, because his cell phone rang. He took the pocket of the Colca and looked the number it flashes on the screen. It was Jeremy. So-man, where are you? -We are about to find that the bar of the Rivington. You know, the one where Charlie was expelled by a light pipe of stuff in the output of a fire. -All right, calm - insistruiu Nate, thinking that if we do that the call seemed urgent, Jenny would let him leave. -Huh? - Jeremy said. I-I 'il - Nate hung up and took the hand of Jenny. -Sorry, Jennifer, ams I really gotta go. Jeremy said that Charlie and Antony took an E and are freaking. I have to go help the guys before they cause any serious prezuiso. Jenny based, the lower lip trembling. Nate was going to Maine tomorrow. She would not see him for days and days. -All right. He pulled into a hug. I'm going back-to-New Year. Stay straight, okay? She closed his eyes hard and hugged tight. - I love you - I could not get tired of saying it. Nate moved away and got a panda pelucia of the bed of Jenny. He placed in her arms. - Pretend that I am - he said, kissing her on the nose. After he left the room and passed the hall, waving a polite thank you to Mr. Humphrey before jumping into taxi urn straight to the bar on Rivington Street, where they would pay a fine to drink friend Jeremy in gratitude for saving the skin without knowing it.Gossipgirl.net ___________________________________________________________________themes / previous / next / do a question / answer Warning: all the real names of places, people and events were curtailed to protect the innocent. I mean, I do. Hi, guys! Sorry if it was a goodbye, but you know what is right: just the school and here I am - every night! So, WHO IS THE LINK? All right, then all we hear from those people in the Eyewitness News that give information to police because they were filmed by chance 0 son playing in the garden when a shooting happened and they took the number plate of the car with your digital camera or know what to do with . Well, I have something here that is half the opposite of that. I know who is on tape or, in this case, the link - but as it did throughout the Internet? I'm sure that now you know that link I'm talking about. Click it and you find an excellent coverage of two people who know and love in the snow park, arriando the shoes and rolling together in a warm coat for winter. J until it has a cute butt, I have not paid attention. And even with underwear samba-song, the butt of N not disappoint. Not surprising that the link is rolling through the Internet as the last 45 of the live CD. We will not give names, but I am almost sure that V did the work with the camera - saw its artistic angles and steady hand. But why she put it on the Web? It makes no sense. If that she was raised, she will never redeem, and if it was not, then who did? I have to say something finally for the first time: I'm confused. Flagra This came from the exclusive resort Hotellsle of Ia Paix on the island of St. Brats, hmmm, I mean, St. Barts: Flow out of a pet shop in candy - really the only city in St. Barts - leading a cage. Do not ask. Ms. E.W.R. vomiting in the wastepaper basket of women's toilet. Now we know where to get this B mania. B and S smuggling of another pitcher of rum punch to his village, where they are hidden since they arrived yesterday. EA guitar playing alone on the beach. He may be a cute, but nothing to show a vegetarian with a goofy shirt LEGALIZE HEMP. And here in NYC: K and I were crying and embracing in the Park Avenue while taking separate paths for Christmas. Hmmm, maybe they should change alliances of engagement. Your email Q: Dear Gossip Girl, I have a friend whose older sister is a friend of the Flow of public relations, and she told my sister who is in St. Barts Flow trying to pass the crisis of abstinence from cocaine. - Brownie A: Hi, Brownie, Well, I have heard that St. Barts is such a haven of drugs, so if you're right, it probably will not last long there. -GG Decorate the CORRIDORS Today is Christmas Eve. The last opportunity to buy everything from your list. The last chance to take a look under the tree and make sure that the majority of these are there, and if not, to paste new labels on boxes. The last chance to eat as many chocolate truffles from Godiva your heart desires. The last chance to feel with five years of new and leave cookies for Santa Claus of honey. It is also the last chance to be very, very nice to people who are buying gifts for you, so that they actually change their mind and decide to buy that Hermes Birkin bag of pig skin. Have a very nice Christmas! For you who love me, gossip girl s and b leave the boys are boys We can not just stay here all day - said the Serena Blair.Era almost noon on Christmas Eve and she was standing at the window of his village, looking forward the deck on the beach of white sand and turquoise sea beyond. - But Flow and Miles? - Blair reasons while hitting the folder Tom's of Maine in even electric tooth brush. -I thought we were in hiding. - Blair thought he was hiding in the village with Serena would give her time to work on test for Yale, but since then only what they did was drink cups of rum punch high with slices of orange, maraschino cherries and paper umbrellas, playing bridge and paint the nails of one another in pink. It was time to pause in your iBook. Serena had other ideas. A whole night and half a morning stuck doing nothing had its limits. - Go to the beach - she announced, pulling a short short Miu Miu on the panties of her white bikini. - And if someone wants to talk with us, will have to talk about this here - she walked by the room and departed the small triangles of white bra of your bikini, showing the rapidly Blair. Blair raised the eyebrows and then returned to brush their teeth. Spit in the sink. - I mean, do topless? - She asked, I like the idea. Serena based, playing a devilish smile on his face. - It is exactly what I mean Aaron, Miles and Tyler were taking a lesson from windsurfing to a few meters from where Blair and Serena desdobraram their yellow towels in the sand of the beach, took the top of the bikini and lie back with naked breasts to the skies. - Argh - Tyler said, turning back is not to have to see. Miles dropped the candle and fell into the water. Came to the surface and shook his head to Aaron, who was still standing on the board. - I can not believe you can live with that - he said with envy. The candle of Aaron was soaked. He pulled the rope with force, trying to lift her and block your view of the beach, but more than puxasse, sailing still under water. Blair probably thought that was doing topless European and sophisticated like that, but in his opinion it was something piranha. Anyone who walk through there could see, and then, at dinner, they see the clothes and would be able to imagine exactly as they were naked. Think about the left half silly. The instructor of windsurfing rastafari who wore Speedo, Prinz, walking in the water back to the beach. - Let me give a hand - and said he plunged, as a dolphin, appearing under the sail of Aaron and pushing it up the water with your head.What nice trick. Aaron pulled the cord until the candle where it should, perpendicular to the board. He grabbed the handle of rubber stuck to the sail and is bent back as the wind took the sail. The board deslizou on the surface of the water, making some of tapas barulhinhos was when the waves and leaving a beautiful trail along the way. Aaron felt very cool. I was getting! Some people started shouting after him, and he looked for on the shoulder. Serena and Blair were standing in the towel, even without the bikini bra, clapping and yelling for him. - Vai, Aaron, go, Aaron! That stud! Aaron looked at them - he could not avoid - the second most Porum. When it turned again, the board had reached a bank of sand that came out of the bay and he flew back, landing like a crab upset back in shallow water. Ai. Miles wanted to talk to Blair, but was not sure whether there was a tacit code on the far reach of a girl of topless without giving the impression to be looking for it with bad intent. Prinz had to rescue Aaron nadado the bank, then Miles pushed his surfboard to the beach and walked the sand until about two and a half meters of cloth for Blair. She and Serena were still lying in back. Oh, man, and both had a vision. - Hi - said Miles with indifference. Blair turned his head and eyes semicerrou for him. This would be funny. She sat, giving you a full frontal nudity. That is, the waist up. - Oi. Miles looked at the sand, corando against their will. He was so cute in surfing shorts of orange collar and shell, the spindly blond hair pointing in all directions. - Hmmm, I was just wondering if you are planning to go on a Christmas party tonight. Blair looked at Serena. - Are you planning to go to a Christmas party tonight? She whispered. Serena laughed, keeping his hand on his eyes like a visor. - Of course. Blair turned to Miles. - Of course we are - she replied. Miles based, trying to keep their eyes on her face. - Legal. See you later. Blair smiled and escutcheons eyes, watching him drag it to the board for windsurfing and show your muscles while pushed back into the water. That was so fun. How many times the kids gave you two and a half meters of space to breathe? She lay back in the towel and turned on the belly. It could be fun, but even using solar filter 45, there was a limit to the sun that the breasts of a girl could take! After one and a half hours of sunshine, Serena had completely tan on both sides. Was about to say that the Blair has arrived when the sun ... - Serena? She turned and felt. Yes, it was Flow. And, yes, she was still without the top of the bikini. He seemed not mind. Went straight to the edge of the towel and Serena is bent on it. In part, Blair was lying face down, his head covered with a white shirt, pretending to sleep. - At last - Flow sighed, moving with a shaken the bunches of dark blue eyes of cilia long. Was wearing orange shorts of surf-electric and nothing more, and his body was lean and muscular with a tan buttery roasted to perfection with cinnamon. In the neck, a tooth shark hung on a leather cord. - I felt my absence? Serena has to rub your shoulders and arms bare, which means hiding the breasts to prevent Flow had a good view of them. - Well ... you sent me many gifts. He wrinkle the forehead. - Not so well. Perhaps most of these had been Kati and Isabel than she thought. With those two was unclear. - Well, whatever - Serena said. - In any case, I heard the news? It seems that we are engaged. Flow laughed. - Yeah, I already knew. Do not heat with it. You will get used. The case was that Serena was not sure that I get used to it. Never was out with a star of the rock before and had much fun with Flow that night, but there were many other guys there. Of rock groupies, photographers, pilots of race, actors, DJs In a way, Serena was like the hummingbird that had seen the night before while he tirelessly buzz of a flower to another. She did not want it to hold a single flower, drinking until the last drop. I enjoy the greatest possible number of flowers. Serena dragged tail-to-shoulder on the horse and examined the tips, without saying anything. When he was going to throw their arms around him and say how much had to miss as he never wanted to be free? - Hey, my band will play in a Christmas party tonight - he said finally. - I was hoping that maybe we could go out, so I'll give you your Christmas present. Serena smiled. Oh, my God, not another gift. - Be there. - Legal - he made a break, hoping that she said anything else. But she said no. - All right. See you tonight. - See you - Serena is disposed of and back again repeatedly cutucou the ribs of Blair. You are so hypocritical - Blair muttered, turning up and taking the shirt of the face. Serena turned her head. - How so? - You act as if hated all the things he gives you, but I bet you can hardly wait to see what is going to give him a Christmas. Serena laughed. Blair was right. She could lament about how he wanted to present the flow of the Flow, but the girls like these, especially the rock stars and famous criminally beautiful. explained the link - What camera? - Muttered Ruby, the sister of 22 years Vanessa. They were three in the afternoon of Saturday, but only seemed that Ruby had gone to bed a few hours ago, her eyes were blurry delineator of the previous night and she still wearing a pair of leather wine glued to the skin. Ruby slept on a futon in it should be the living room of his fourth-and-room on the second floor of a building in Williamsburg, in Brooklyn. The apartment was full of equipment - amplifiers, sound boxes, guitars and microphones of the band of Ruby, the SugarDaddy, and cameras and lighting equipment of the filming of Vanessa. The floor was a carpet that means their parents crazy hippies artists tissue had a tear in their house on the outskirts of Burlington, in Vermont. The carpet was red and olive-green-apple and had a theme Ark of Noah, with animals standing in pairs on a ferry in a red sea, but was so covered by clothing and equipment of Ruby sound that the animals were completely hidden. - My Sony digital video camera - Vanessa insisted furious. - I left the bench in the kitchen yesterday - she was planning to examine the footage it had done in the park on Friday to see if they had some icicle that was worth saving and I delete the part of Nate and Jenny, but not now find the camera anywhere. Ruby goggle and pulled the pillow over the face. - I lent. Vanessa looked at her. Ruby was still provocatively with the pillow covering his face. - As well, lent? What the hell is that? - Lent to some friends in the Five and Dime. They are using to make a movie about skating. - I had some things in it! - Vanessa screamed horrified. - Things in my new movie! Ruby took the pillow and the guy feels. - So it seems that you do not have ten cameras. Sorry - she said sarcastically. - Sorry to have invaded your space without permission. Can I get a hug? Vanessa's sister faced with hands closed with such force that the nails left marks in slapping hands. Now she knew that had received 15 e-mails this morning accusing it of being a voyeur sluty, lesbian and pornography. The friends of Ruby obviously did more than take borrowed camera, they took what was there and raised hell in the Internet. Dan already thought it was perverted. What is it thinking now? On the afternoon of Christmas Eve, Dan was surfing the Internet, looking for articles on the block as writer and heal it. All I found was so outrageous and stupid. Exit walk. As he no longer walk across Manhattan daily, ruminando its inability to write anything coherent. Take a hot bath. He hated baths. All you did was let him drowsy. Practice exercises [i /]. No, thanks. His diet of cigarettes and coffee did not lead to the exercises. A site discussing the merits of taking acid. Apparently, an award winning writer had written an entire novel on a journey of acid one night and not remember to have it written in the morning. But unless the drinks at parties, Dan was across the face side, and he would not begin to take acid now. Another site advised to try a year in which you write the first word that comes to mind and then extrapolates from it. You can end up with a list of purchases, said the site, but even that was better than nothing. Dan decided to try this. Opened a blank page of the block and poise the pen. He wrote the word phone, but then your computer bipou, indicating that it had a new e-mail. He took the mouse and clicked the inbox. The message was Zeke, his only friend in Riverside. Take a look at the link below, man. - Z Dan clicked on the link, thinking it was probably another silly fool of basketball that Zeke had found. He turned to the block without waiting to see what appeared on screen. Phone. And now? He needed another word. His father knocked on the door open and stuck their heads in the room. - Hi, Dan, I will go to buy some bread. Any special request? Dan turned the chair, about to tell the father to bring a large cup of black coffee, but suddenly the face of the father was awful while watching the computer screen of Dan - Jennifer Tallulah Humphrey ... are you? - Trovejou Rufus, overwhelm the room like a rabid bear. Was wearing a white shirt and gray hair and torn Onion crespo espetava from all sides of the head. Dan turned the chair back to see your computer screen. The first thing I recognized was the red hat of Jenny. Then he saw what seemed to be the butt of Jenny exposed in a white bikini. Suddenly a guy with wavy golden hair placed in the mouth of Jenny ass. The camera quickly cut to the face arriando the pants, then the image returned to them, embraced by force from within his jacket, making what seemed obscene. Father and son watched in horrified disbelief as the movie is repeated endlessly. - Jennifer! - Rufus berrou again, spreading a spit of anger on the computer screen. Jenny appeared in the doorway looking the picture of innocence in a knitted velvet dress with her hair pulled back into a fuzzy pompoms of tail-to-horse. - What? - She asked. Dan pushed the chair back so that she could see the screen where it was stopped. - What? - Jenny repeated impatient. She took a step forward, after the hand flew up to the mouth when he saw his bare butt on the screen. It was like watching a horror movie in which she was the star. How did this happen?, She was asked, totally mortificada. - These are you and your partner Nate - Rufus pointed unnecessarily, retorcida the face of anger. He was a liberal father. Dan left smoking and drinking in the room whenever I wanted. Jenny left buy the first pair of platform shoes when she was nine years. But Jenny was still her baby, and see if her squirmy seminua with a boy on the Internet was more than enough to give him a proof of reality. Emudecida of horror, Jenny sees the screen as the movie is repeated. Ali was the hat it, the thong, the ass with Nate's hand in it, then the two rolled into the snow in his jacket. Was a moment so private and so special, but now was there to see the world - including his father and his brother. She tore a small winch to gasp and shot out of the room. Rufus looked at the screen for a second more and then to the Dan - Do you know anything about it? Dan shook his head indicating that no, but somehow feels responsible. He was so distracted by the blocking of its writer and lies about sex with Vanessa that he had not protected Jenny that rich bastard and thief of babies of Nate. - Well, from now on I want to make it an eye on her - grunhiu Rufus. - Can be tolerant, but I can not see her around like a prostitute. Dan assentiu solemnly. Rufus gave him a pat on the shoulder and went to the room of Jenny, where she was lying face down on the bed with her head buried in a soft pillow of goose-pen, surrounded by pictures Nate from his beloved. - Jennifer. - Her father controlled the voice to the maximum. -I never thought I would do it, but you will not let me choose. Is punishment for the rest of the holiday. Without leave. Without films. Without allowance. No calls. Without e-mails. With nothing. And certainly no contact with that Nate. Dan will see you as a hawk and make sure that you do not evacuate, because you clearly do not deserve trust. Jenny feels. The face was stained and the lower lip train. - It is not fair! -she protested. -I do not know who did this! It was not my fault! Nate and I are in love! He took me to see the nutcracker. We have done nothing to wrong! Rufus waved his hand in the air to silence her. - You are too new to know anything, especially of love - he trovejou sharply. - But father, I do not know who we filmed - Jenny begged, hugging his panda. Rufus raised the eyebrows thick, gray and disorderly and rub the stubbly chin. - You think everything is so well? - I do not care! - Jenny shouted, throwing down the panda and irrompendo a furious attack of tears. - Do not turn to what you think! We did nothing wrong. Rufus is squat and pulled from the shelves of Jenny intact a copy of Anna Karenina that he had last summer. He stood up and shot in bed. - Let me tell you what I think - berrou him. - I think you need to stay in the house by reading more books! Jenny looked at the book infantile and kicked until he slipped and fell on the bed floor of wood. Rufus shook his head in disgust and turned, closing the door behind you before you really lose your head. Dan heard from his room, still watching the movie that is repeated on the computer screen. Now that had passed the initial shock of seeing a film starring his sister porn on the Web, he saw that there was something terribly familiar in the work of the camera. The unusual angles. The way the camera is very close, the images were almost abstract, and then, in a panoramic, Nate and Jenny are just one point squirmy in pure white snow. It was the work of Vanessa Abrams, Dan was sure. He turned off the computer, enojado with himself for having seen for so long, but even more enojado with Vanessa and Jenny. As they turn into ... Dan got the black block and immediately thought of a new word ara begin the exercise of blocking writer. He took the pen and wrote. Putas No one gives reuni?ozinha.You may find that having a summer home of the city as far as Mount Desert Island in Maine, it means lonely, but Mount Desert was full of enormous "cottages" on holiday in the ownership of the oldest families and richest of New York and children playing together during the summers and holidays since crawl. In the secondary, most of them went to different schools throughout the East Coast. So when they saw the island again, was like a reunion of former colleagues. On July 4 a whole gang of them was a huge bonfire on the beach and light fireworks which were smuggled from Canada. And throughout Christmas Eve Nate always walked with the same two guys and smoked his pipe in the game room. The game room was covered in panels of oak, had a huge fireplace of stone and a slate floor of which was heated by copper pipes underneath it. There were impressive horns hang on the walls, taken from deer and elk hunted by the grandfather of Nate. There was a bar in oak full of rare Scotch whiskey aged cognac and Europe, and a wine cellar where he came down a ladder through a hatch under the Persian carpet fabric by hand. A pool of the old mahogany table with mahogany legs on top of carving and a red felt occupied the middle of the room. Nate filled the pipe. He had since the 13 years, and was covered with Band-Aids Looney Tunes. The other two boys laughed at him as an old comrade who had gone through even more extravagant than their shit. - Man - said John Gause, who had brought the stuff. - Good to see you. John wore a vest of caramel skin of sheep, dingy jeans and a pair of cowboy boots in caramel leather. It was a great visual, unless you were the Marlboro man or a model of Ralph Lauren, and he was not either of the two. A week before the tests, John was expelled for trafficking de.Deerfield and was returning from a season of ten days on a ranch in Wyoming, where was sent to learn values such as honesty, trust and respect by her partner. Nate filled the pipe and went to Ryan O'Brien, who had only 15 years but was more stoned than John and Nate together. After being expelled from St.Jude 's the first week of school, Ryan went to Hanover Academy, the school for which Serena had gone. - I think you grew up - Nate said. - Rayna does not seem high to you? - Asked him to John. Ryan lit the lighter on the pipe. 1.85 tall and had black and curly hair that fell on the shoulders was almost equal to the Flow, but darker. - Fuck you - he said, pulling up a pair of baggy gray snowboarding Burton. Nate Ryan hoped that such a shot and move the pipe to it. The sun was putting the windows and the game room were pink. He was very snowy winter, and the huge house was nestled in a mountain of snow from two meters and a half. On the outside there was no bus or car alarms, snoring. It was completely silent. But if the inquiry heard, Nate could hear the sound of the sea pounding on the rocks. He loved that sound. Sometimes, at night, was lying in bed, listening. He gave a shot, covering the top of the pipe so that the smoke does not escape. Then gave another, rewarding themselves by spending two hours reading the whole of that day proposed for the university and completing the parties easy. He exalou, went to John the pipe and closed eyes. It was good to be out of town, away from school and all that spoke both of the future. Here he could relax and enjoy yourself without worrying about tests, university or to respond to someone. John ended the pipe and fell in the pool table. She took the ball and rolled in white hands. - Hey, Nate - he began. - What was that movie porn on the Internet? Nate blinked slowly for him, like a lizard piscandopara the sun. - Huh? Ryan lit a Marlboro Light and blew a few rings of smoke to the roof of beams and columns. - You know. You and that little of brown curly hair and huge tits. Nate seats. He knew what Ryan was talking, but at a fraction of a second could not remember her name. - Jennifer - he said, is reminiscent of a sudden. - This is it, Jennifer. You did not see the link? Nate shook his head. - What link? John took a cue from snooker in support of the wall and turned in their hands as a bayonet. - The link that type well, everybody is talking about, man! - He laughed. - I can not believe you did not see! Ryan got the blue cubes of chalk to bat, took it to the nose and smell, as one would Chapad?o. - An entire movie is kind of you and that girl, to Jennifer - he said. - Type thereby screwing around in Central Park. Nate put the pipe in front of the face. Remember not to take screwing around with Jennifer in the park. Do not remember screwing around with Jennifer to take anywhere. The only question was reminded of his crazy pictures on the walls of her room. He shook his head and laughed doidona and heavy for yousame. A porn on the Internet? That was good. These guys were always sacaneando it. Giving the shoulder, he near the mouth of the pipe stem and lit the lighter, giving a long and great shot from Christmas Eve. Was going to be a very gentle, where Jennifer and those pictures were crazy tiny points in foggy distance. The intercom's home place. Suddenly the voice of country club in New England the father of Nate filled the room. - Your mother and I will take a few cocktails in the lounge. Want to come with us? You might think they were tied, but Nate always went with his parents when he was doid?o aristocrats. They were the drinks stronger, and also was eve of Cream!. Nate spent the paraJohn pipe and pressed the button on the intercom. - Coming up - release the button and seats for John.Va forward. One more shot, then you better go. John Ryan and he looked to the last shot. - And then, you and this girl, the Jennifer, are still, like so together? - Ryan asked. Nate got the ball and rolled eight of the snooker table. He tried to remember the way things had left with] ennifer, but just what you came to mind was of plush panda who was in her bed. It was funny how he kept forgetting the part "I love you." - No - Nate said. - No way. John has ended and that he and Nate Ryan they left the back door of the game room for the snow. Then he closed the door, put the pipe in a heap of Triscuits in the sink of the bar and climbed the ladder to make gin and tonic-coIher fresh oysters of Maine with their parents. b shows the mother of a surprise Blair had taken a bath and put the new pink dress transparent the Calypso. Now she was sitting on deck smoking a Merit and hoping that Serena got it while thinking about Audrey Hepburn. As if it was not always thinking of Audrey Hepburn. Another thing she loved in Audrey, and I wanted to discuss the test for the university, was the versatility of Audrey. Whatever the scenario or the type of costumes that had to use - such as tweed clothing of a student in the bookstore scene in Cinderella in Paris, or the crazy hat and dress of income in the Ascot scene in My dear lady she seemed perfectly at ease, adapting to the environment while maintaining their audreysmo elegant. Blair liked to think she would be able to do that when it to college. Since she and Nate would not even live together in an apartment near the campus in New Haven, it could very well have to live in a room with some colleagues from the fourth unknown. Might have to eat in the cafeteria, and finally had to go to school. But no way would begin using the Yale and sweaters larg?es backpack. Would maintain the dignity, the sense of style and natural blairismo. Blair gave a shot in the cigarette, trying to imagine Audrey at Yale, using the black dress of Jennifer's luxury, with black gloves up to the elbow and collar of diamonds and pearls. And then she fell on them. Was exactly what we should do the test: to make Audrey a student of Yale in the script of a film! The Miss. Glos told her to be creative. Well, you can be much more creative than that! Blair jumped and opened the door of the town with a thud, eager to start writing immediately. She could skip the celebration of Christmas Eve idiot. Go to Yale was much more important.   Serena was standing in front of the mirror tying canga a sea-green with beads at the waist. Was still using the white bikini wet and had sand in the hair. - I thought I had it done - said Blair. Serena wrinkle the forehead. - I am not in order. - Everyone expected that it would be beautiful doll for all and Flow, but in truth, why should he? The case was that Serena was still ten times more beautiful than any other girl on the island, regardless of what you were wearing. - So you use the bikini? - Blair asked, confused. - Arrais. Blair picked up the iBook and the stock market opened in the neck. - I think you are contradicting. Serena sink heavily beside her. - Maybe - she looked inquisitivamente for Blair, who was already typing. - What is writing? - A roadmap - Blair and his name entered on December 24 at the top of the page, and then provisionally: Audrey goes to the university. - I think I will skip the party to work on it.
- And I will talk about contradiction. Miles is completely crazy to leave with you today, and I am not alone in this thing - Serena said. She rested her head on the shoulder of Blair. - No one wants to have fun Christmas Eve? Blair bit the lower lip. - I want, but I want more into Yale. Serena extended her hand and quickly closed the laptop. - Well, I will ensure that you have everything you want - she shouted, jumping and pulling Blair. -Come on, please? Blair sighed. Serena had the incredible ability to go from bad mood to joy at a glance. - OK - she sighed. - But if I do not get in Yale, the fucking fault will be all yours. Aaron Miles and were waiting for the girls in the bar. Aaron had done the skytech to leave straight on the side of the head and rose on top. Wore a black linen jacket over a gray shirt and black trousers linen. And, if not half-brother of Blair, it could even have found it so cute. Aaron thought that Blair was more than a cute.
The tan it was stronger and had brown hair bands of golden sun. The pink dress was loose, but the transparent tissue joined the body in certain places. She looked a goddess, but it is clear that he could not say that to her., Aaron was so afraid of saying anything inappropriate that has become almost robotic when dealing with Blair. - It is better we go and sit down - he said to nobody in particular. - Your mom and dad have a big surprise, they want to tell people. Are you waiting for almost an hour. Blair spying on crowded dining room, where his mother, Cyrus and Tyler were seated at the table. -, - Oh, my God I can hardly wait. Please, can I have a drink first? - Begged her.- Since drink fast - Aaron sold. So it seems that this was a problem. Miles smiled at Blair. - You are very beautiful. In silence, Aaron is cursed. He could have said that! Miles was also great, wearing a black Armani jacket with white buttons, creamy white cotton pants and leather sandals - a look that only the guys with a style show could seriously. Blair smiled at him, against their will. I could be happy for coming to the party, anyway. - Thank you. Serena arranged the knot of shackles and looked around, looking for Flow; Some tables in the dining room had been pushed to the corners to open space for the dance floor, and a stage equipped with instruments, amplifiers and microphones was the 45 mounted beside the pool. But not by the band anywhere. - They will start to play to nine - Aaron said, reading the mind of Serena. - I asked the bartender. Serena did not respond. Missing only twenty minutes, and she was not exactly desperate for the appearance of Flow anyway. Blair ended quickly with a vodka tonic and spent the empty glass to Aaron. - All right, I'm ready. The restaurant in the Isle of Ia Paix was the place to be on Christmas Eve. In the farthest corner of the room, the most famous English supermodel of the world was feeding her baby in the lap of fish soup, and beside them was the star Friends of the series very pregnant hand in hand with the cat of her husband actor in Hollywood. The rest of the dining room was full of people using tan clothing typical of the brand resort serving up the dinner special Christmas Eve, a whole roast fish with head and tail intact, sweet potato, mixed with black caviar and garlic-steamed poro. - Do not worry, dear - Eleanor tranquilizou Aaron when they sat down. - I asked for a special meal for you. Cyrus had requested two bottles of Cristal, and the waiter returned with flutes of champagne and began to fill them. Blair's mother gave a giggle and looked to Cyrus. He gave a reassuring pat on her hand and she pigarreou. - Very good. I do not think you can keep a secret or one more minute that is - deep breath and Eleanor is straight in the chair. - Cyrus and I are going to have a baby. Blair was thinking about how to start the first stage of the roadmap when the mother's words disturbing ressoaram in your brain, forever changing their universe. The face of Blair is retorceu with a combination of disbelief displeasure and while it looked for the mother. Forgiveness? - I know that forty-seven years is an advanced age to become pregnant, even in New York, but the doctor assured me that I am perfectly healthy and not have to worry eu - she gave a giggle. - Except for be as big as a house! For a moment, nobody responded. Cyrus put his arm around Eleanor and gave it a squeeze. - Do not tell everything at once - he joked embarrassed, Alis belly fat with a free hand. Serena did not want to be rude. - This is so wonderful! - She exclaimed, breaking the silence with all the enthusiasm to collect it. She jumped from the chair and is bent on the table to give kisses of congratulations on the face of Eleanor and Cyrus, as also the rest of the room gave a good overview of your diaphragm naked. Blair was willing to beat it. Serena would not have been more pleasant if it were her mother, that was true. - When is it? - Serena said, sitting up again.
Eleanor resplandeceu happy. - Eighteen of June. Blair did not even tried to think of something to say. It seemed that he had been hit in the head by a flying palm, and had a good chance of never recur. Aaron looked eager to Blair, then raised a glass of champagne and smiled for the father and Eleanor. - Congratulations - he said, waiting for Blair to join the toast. But it is clear that she did this, not even when he delicately cutucou Blair of the cinnamon with the foot under the table. Next to Blair, Miles long drum your fingers on the table is moving and ill at ease in the chair, wishing power back to the bar. He was a friend of Aaron since the seventh grade, but that was way too close to him. Eleanor extended by the arm on the table and get the fingers of rigid Blair. - I hope they reconsider assume the surname of Cyrus now, baby - she said. - Now we have a good, big family. Tyler and Eleanor had changed the name to Rose when he married Eleanor Cyrus, but Blair refused. Blair Rose? No, thanks. It seemed the name of a perfume made especially for Kmart. - Of course you do not need to decide now - said Eleanor. Blair departed from the mother's hand with a wrench. If it were not between Serena and Miles in white leather banquette, she would have flown to the bathroom for women to throw up. Instead, he took a flute of champagne and drained the contents in a single gulp. - Where will the baby sleep? - Tyler asked. He spent a bit of butter in blade and put in the mouth. Now that Aaron is in the guest room. Eleanor and Cyrus looked as if they had not thought of that before. Eleanor has to shoulder. - Well, Blair and Aaron go to college in the fall coming. I am sure you will not mind to share a room for guests when they come home. And then we can turn in the fourth quarter of the Blair baby! Aaron felt the cheeks burned. Blair narrowed eyes for the mother and the dumb blonde of her hair in its track pudica. So now they were talking about taking her to the fourth area to horrible offspring of the devil? She was preparing to say something to shut up the mother and run to the bathroom to put his guts out, but then, without any presentation, the four members of the 45 quietly rose to the stage, grabbed the instruments and started playing . And the music was high. It 's deafening fantastic high. Miles took the hand of Blair. - Want to dance? Instead of answering, Blair threw the chair back and almost pulled the towel from the table, pulling with Miles. The band had not won the MTV Award for being boring - they were great. And there was no way to Serena sit at the table while they played. She took the hand of Aaron and Tyler and dragged away. - Come on, you two - she screamed. - Dance with me! When the naked feet of Serena hit the dance floor, she closed his eyes and let the music dominate his body, throwing the blond hair back, rocking the hips and tapping their feet with abandonment. In the white bikini and canga green-clear, it seemed like a mermaid who had fled from the sea. Flow could not stop looking at her while singing the words of success Karnage. She was all the women he sang. The girl of his dreams. Blair threw all the energy of your anger in the dance, socando the air with fists, kicking, hitting his head and chicoteando Miles in the face with the long brown hair in a way nothing audreyana. The pink dress grudou skin suada, but it does not import more from the appearance. That was not bad. Miles could not take her eyes. The third song was slow, and the dance floor was filled with older couples who joined them. Serena danced with Tyler, smiling at him while he put his hands on his hips naked. Tyler corou but not out. He knew he had the luck. Even boys of 11 years have testosterone. The music was slow and sensual. Miles spent the hands of Blair at the waist and pulled her head to his chest. Blair not retreated. Instead, the body shook with it, by force. His mind was so full of anger and despair that she train. I do not think about anything, just wanted to feel good, and thanks to God was with Miles, a guy who, yes, it was not Nate, but that was so nice and she liked him, or at now less liked. She dismissed the head of the chest of Miles and looked into the eyes almonds and brown it, letting the champagne and vodka rose to the head. Before that could contain it, she pulled his face to her and kissed long and hard as the stock of progress in the bodies rhythm of the music. Aaron was standing at the bar, alternately watching Blair and Miles and not looking as was the first shot of tequila and then another. Miles was grateful to make Blair feel better, even if he could not. After, again, they were dancing close and nastily music was almost done. He lit a cigarette, of course, has two drinks and then deleted in an ashtray, walking among the shaky middle-aged couples on the edge of the runway Flow of dance while playing the last chords of music. But when reached where Blair and Aaron Miles were already moving away from them arms data, strolling by the hibiscus bushes that surrounded the pool and down the path to the villages. Aaron was in the middle of the dance floor packed with hands in the pockets of his linen pants, looking from them. I could not believe it had found a good idea to bring Milles St. Barts. The band has accelerated the pace, playing Kiss, Kiss, Kiss, one of his hits from tracks with a ska beat retro. Still looking for a toy spring, Serena jumped to Aaron. danced in a small circle around him. - Come, spoils-party. drop that shoes and dance! - She screamed. Aaron smiled timidly at her and she left the puxasse for the crowd of dancers suados is squirmy. He needed being distracted, and Serena was too distracted when wanted. Took off the jacket and shot in the air, while skipping the skytech he pulava and balance. The shackles of Serena is untied and fell to the floor, but she still dancing as the music was higher and the pace is accelerated, swinging their hair blond embarrassed and throwing their arms overhead. She liked the way Aaron danced with the whole body. So many guys sacudiam only the head and move from one foot to another, but Aaron was natural. That night was lovely, too, with elegant black linen pants, the skytech pointing to the top. Serena danced a little closer to him, blowing him while balance the hips. Why had not noticed before as he was a baby? Flow through the two dancing, editing the script of the show in the head. It was very painful see the love of his life seminua dance with other guys and the least he could do was make sure there was more slow songs. Too late. Because some people were dancing their own particular music. In bed. b decides lose it once and for all Maybe it was the heat. Or perhaps the fact that his life was a mess so complete that she wanted to do something drastic to change her. Whatever the reason, Blair knew that Miles was following him to the town with a purpose: sex.
Indeed, it is that was followed. She practically drag. - Prefer to go to your room? - Miles asked on the way. He, Aaron and Tyler were that means dividing the place. Blair thought he should leave the town for Serena, in case she needs a place to slip away with Flow. - Serena may have to - she said. - I think Aaron is going to import, do you? - No. - Miles closed the screen door behind you. - I was starting to think that you were not more to me. - He blinked to turn on the light. The floor was covered with clothes and CDs of the boys were up half a banana food on the table head-of-the usherette somehow forgot where did the beds and left little chocolate mint on pillows. A medium banana food? But that romantic. But Blair does not matter. Took the belt of Jimmy Choo sandals and pulled the dress by the head, leaving him fall to the ground with the clothes of the boys. Just what remained was her thong pink curtinha La PerIa that used under the dress. - I am to you - she said with a voice more in love, falling back on the bed of Miles. - Come here. Miles took the shirt, shoes and lay down beside her. She took the pillow in minty chocolate, opened the package and put it to gold in the mouth of Blair. Blair kept intact the chocolate in the mouth, taking the head of Miles and kissed him, forcing the chocolate to the teeth with his tongue. She was not more interested in imitating Audrey Hepburn in the luxury Jennifer]. Audrey was, it was past. She was now Debbie, as Debbie Does Dallas. She took the belt from white canvas with one of his hands, going the other hand under the elastic waistband of her thong, lowering it. Hello, woman - goodbye, little girl! After a few more songs, Serena, Aaron and Tyler went back to the table for dinner. - It is not fun? - Said Eleanor, resplendent. Had eaten the whole plate of fish, sweet potatoes with caviar and garlic-holds, and was already attacking the warm chocolate mousse. It was so nice to see that the children were having fun. She was imported or that cute friend of Blair and Aaron had not returned to eat. Aaron has a face for your plate of spinach and garlic seared and cold-put to steam. Tyler took the fish's head and shot in the air like a torpedo to Aaron. _ Beware! - He shouted. - Flying Fish! _ Waldorf Rose Tyler! - Ping Eleanor. Aaron hit in the hand of Tyler and mutilated fish head fell on his plate. He blinked. _ All right, I'm not even hungry. Serena did not know that Aaron was in a bad mood so great, but I wanted to help. _ Here - offered her, thinking that he should be hungry. She took one of his sweet potatoes, and started to tap it with the napkin. - You can eat that if I clean all the caviar? She was so busy preparing the potato that neither Aaron realized that the band had made a break and Flow was coming toward you. _ Serena? - Called him, coming behind her. Serena looked at him. Flow was wearing a black shirt and collar regatta shark tooth, and your neck and shoulders stavam of slippery sweat. The dark hair fell on the eyes, the cheeks glowed like bronze olide and blue eyes flashing adrenaline. Serena has the potato Aaron, took the fork and put a edacity fish in its mouth. _ Hi - said it lively, with your mouth full. Flow looked to Eleanor and Cyrus. - Hello - he said. - I would sit down, son? - Cyrus offered. - Must star exhausted. You were fantastic there. Fantastic. As if he wanted anything to rock. Flow shook his head. - Thanks, but I have to go back in a second. - He turned to Serena again, the furrowed face of fervor. Like the music? She laughed and gave garfada other fish. Had not seen the dancing crazy done there? - Yeah, you guys are great. You are great. Flow seemed relieved. - Good. All right. Well, let's play some more songs and then I was thinking of paying you a drink or something, and maybe give you the Christmas present. Serena took a sip of water. I was tired of all that means dancing. And, moreover, was not Christmas yet. - Actually, I'm really tired means. How about if we find for breakfast? You should only give me this for Christmas, anyway. - Breakfast? - Flow said, in doubt. After all, he was a star of the rock. In most cases, no agreement before the noon. - Yeah. There by half past ten, so? - Piou Serena. - Vai be nice! The bassist played a chord and drummer beat the drums sometimes Flow to know that the band was waiting for him. - Fine. - He bent, closed his eyes blue and kissed Serena in the mouth. - Do not forget.
She smiled at him with tenderness. - I will not forget. Suddenly the room buzz of gossip. - Did you see that? '- I heard that she is walking with the bass too. - 'Do you think they are going to marry it? - I heard that they put in a bid to smuggle drugs. Some girls cried when Flow jumped back on stage and got the white Fender guitar. He ajeitou the microphone with your fingers long and delicate and looked on by the crowd of spectators for a single girl. - This is for Serena - he muttered, the eyebrows together with emotion. Then he started the first chords of your favorite music, Dark Knight. Now he believed came from where and to whom the letter was. Girl, you're my bright star I 'll follow you wherever you are Fighting Wolves of that bite at your heels Serena is straight in the chair, watching Flow is to melt it. It was difficult not to feel flattered. He was so beautiful. While he played those notes sensual and acute, it could not stop smiling. Suddenly Aaron got up from the table. - Want to dance? - Serena asked full of hope. He shook his head. - I think I will go back to my room - he muttered. Serena stood up. Aaron acted in a manner so strange that she was worried about him. - I go with you - it is offered, forgetting is completely Flow: Serena followed by Aaron edge of the dance floor and through the crowd that aglomerava at the bar. Before we reach the path to the villages, she had a glimpse of the sea and the green and stopped perfect white sand and shining the light of the moon and thought of those nights of summer at the beach house in Newport for Blair, and Blair when she drank martinis, left the house and went to dive for sand without clothes in cold water clarae. Serena could not resist. - Let's go swimming! Aaron was where he was. - No - he said. - Go you. - Are you sure? He seats. - But do not go very far. - All right! - Serena cried, beginning to run. She shot the beach, esbarrando in the waves and sank, eager to feel the chill from head to toe when the cold water to engage. Swimming like a seal, it was under the water until the head finally emerged on the surface and it exalted breathed the air of the night. Sometimes it was very good living. is a bag when you can not find the clothes Blair wanted to stop it quickly, but Miles wanted to take all the time in the world, followed by every inch of the body of Blair in a way that seemed almost clinical, comosa was making a dermatological examination scope appropriate to eczema, melanomas or something. She tried to relax and enjoy the sensation of Miles licking the breast of his foot, but they were completely naked and she could not stop thinking that if Nate Miles was, by then they would have already ended. When excited, Nate became violent means. Not in a frightening, but a passionate way, trembling, irrepressible. Blair always had to be firm when he said no, was not ready to go to the end, and then had to find a way to distract him. Oh, yeah? And how? This time she would not have to tell Nate to stop, and now they are lying in the arms of one another, looking at the stars through the window, smoking cigarettes and talking lazily about the future. Miles started the other foot, biting the tip of the thumb of Blair and working with the language on the surface of diamond ring. Blair backed involuntarily. Everything always seemed so perfect when she was with Nate. They were and corner of the pieces of a puzzle, it is perfectly fit and, when they were together, everything made sense. That was why more was not any sense that she was lying naked on a bed in charge of a hotel on an island in the middle of the Carib while a naked Miles lambia your feet and Nate was in the freezing cold of Maine all alone, possibly, so it expected, considering it. Blair took the thumb from the mouth of Miles and rolled on the bed. Miles plunged his head under the water. -. What is the problem? - I have to go - she said without even looking at him. She Agache, looking for the dress, but it was dark and had so much crap on the floor that could not find her. Miles was hanging on the edge of the bed, seeing it as a drum your fingers on the legs. -.- I was trying to go easy. We know that. Blair ignored the. - Where. is the fucking my dress? - She muttered. Suddenly the light is lit and the dress has become very visible in a heap on the floor at the foot of the bed. Aaron was in the doorway, but instead to apologize quickly and leave the room as a half-brother to do it consistently and Blair continued to face. The principle Blair was completely embarrassed. Two seconds after the embarrassment had turned into anger. How dare he? How dare to look at it like that? He was a hell of his half-brother. Aaron knew that should turn around and leave them alone, but your feet are not fun. Miles is lowered and got the pink dress from Blair down to his feet. - Man - he said to Aaron, throwing the dress for her. Blair pulled the dress on by the head and marched to the door. - What is your problem? - Ping it collides with Aaron when he left.Not that she really wanted to know. The town that Blair and Serena was divided to only six feet away - was not far enough, in which concerned Blair. She became the villages and taken to the beach, and when your feet stepped on the sand, she began to run. Blair did not care to be commissioned especially the pink dress at Calypso and have paid about $ 150 more for it. She ran as quickly as he could until the water and threw it in the waves, ruining the dress. Taking a big gush of air, she sank, impelling the body forward with the full force of his arms and legs. Then, when the lungs were about to explode, she rose to the surface, flashing and arfando with salt water in your eyes. The moon shone and the music of the feast of Christmas Eve ecoava in the water. The 45 had stopped and a DJ played Blame It on the Boogie, a classic Michael Jackson. On the beach, Blair could see the vague silhouette of a girl, her feet tapping in shallow water, looking Halle Berry in a new day to die, but with the long blond hair and wearing a white bikini instead of a orange.
It was clear that Serena. - Where the Miles? - Serena shouted, putting his hands emconcha mouth. - And who cares? - Blair responded, entering naagua. - Where the Flow? - And who cares? - Serena replied. The two laughed and Blair boiou back for a few seconds, watching the moon. Then she turned and swam toward Serena. - I am thinking of returning tomorrow - she said, leaving the water. I had to write a script and wanted to work there without the pregnant mother, the half-brother or friend weird stalker him around to bother her. Serena knew it was better not to ask what had happened. - But tomorrow is Christmas, she noted. - Your mother will not be upset? Blair squeeze water from the hair and the water fell in the sand, leaving a trail behind you. - As if I care. In addition, Cyrus is Jewish. The two girls walked slowly back to the beach town, enjoying the company of one another and the reassuring sounds of waves breaking on the beach. If at least could be walking forever. When they finally reached the village, they discovered the it seemed like a great iron cage covered with a layer of red and white listradinha waiting for them at the door. Cream Happy! Serena took the handle of the cage and took bronze in. He put the cage on the table-to-head and pulled the hood while Blair light the lamp. Within the cage was a parrot beautiful green and blue with yellow beak perched on a thin ring of wood. The parrot with Serena blinked his eyes to the account. - I love you, Serena! I love you, Serena - hoists him. - Marry me. Marry me. Blair laughed. - Do you think that is Kati and Isabel? Serena laughed too. - I know there. It has no card. - I love you, Serena! Marry me. Marry me - said again and shook the parrot feathers. Serena put the cover back and moved away from the cage. Flow could be irreparably pretty generous and flattering, but it was getting too much. She looked at Blair. - Know what you said about leaving tomorrow? - It? - Blair took the dress drenched dire??odo basket and shot in the corner. Serena went to the closet and pulled the bag from Kate Spade daprateleira up. - Be ready when you are. Gossipgirl.net ___________________________________________________________________themes / previous / next / do a question / answer Warning: all the real names of places, people and events were curtailed to protect the innocent. I mean, I do. Hi, guys! Ho, ho, ho and Merry Christmas to all! I know that the family of V not celebrate the Christmas, but I have a gift for her, anyway. It seems that something good can come of that link that is flying over the Internet. See below: Man Gossip Girl, My name is Ken Mogul and I am independent filmmaker. You may have seen my movie Seahorse, by Chlo? Sevigny and star Tobey Maguire, who came out on DVD now. Actually I saw the movie that you discussed the link on your site, and I ask if you know how to contact the person who made. Whoever has much talent, and I am keen to work with him or her. Thank you and, incidentally, you arrebenta. - XoKM I took the liberty to pay the Santa Claus and fairy godmother at the same time and give the name of V Mr Mogul and told him that she lived in Brooklyn. So, huh, V: porn on the Internet today, tomorrow the Festival de Cannes! The other e-mails Q: hi, gg, I have to tell you that I knew Back to the drugs. All that rumor that she and Flow are engaged is completely false. The real reason for her to go to St. Barts was to find a dealer for it to bring a full load of things to sell. But everyone should know that. - Insider A: Hi, insider, You must be right. I heard that she is thinking of drop-in spree in New Year too. But do not forget, she still has to pass through the airport security. - GG Q: Dear Gossip Girl, I have a house in Mt Desert, Maine, and met some friends there to do even tobogganing N. I thought he had a girlfriend but he was unlucky all the girls there until he and I was so stoned that I did not want to go by car with him to tobogganing. - Pumpkim A: Dude pumpikin, It seems that N is seeking his soul mate. He can do me when you want tobogganing. Flagra B and S JKF of taking a taxi to Fifth Avenue, looking tan and wonderfully happy for being at home. K and I met again at Williams Sonoma in Madison, checking to see if S and Flow had registered the list of marriage. A man with a curvy shirt the team of Isle de la Paix returning a large blue and green parrot to a pet shop in Gustave. One last wish So I had achieved all my list of Christmas, until my orange Hermes Birkin bag. I know you think I am mimada, but I deserve it. What we still can not, because still missing six days, is a New Year's Eve, which transformed his life. Let's hope that S gives even a party, and who knows - may even appear Flow! See you at midnight! For you who love me, gossip girl prisoner of the towerStuck in a house with nothing to do except read and daydream, Jenny felt a Rapunzel, but with shorter hair and bigger breasts. She kept the white satin thong from the bottom drawer of underwear until the next time we saw Nate. The New Year's Eve, was not far away and maybe she had not expected so much. Basically she hoped that he was very miss her, which returned to Maine and if esgueirasse in her room in the middle of the night by a fire ladder. Imagine that it would again kept busy for hours. Poor Nate, arrested in Maine full of snow and cold. Yesterday was Christmas, and he probably spent all day watching old movies with parents, from time to time looking at the snow and wondering when it would hear her voice again. Jenny is not mattered not to talk to him on the phone - this forced separation was only letting his love much stronger - but still had to do something to show that Nate loved and believed in him but as ever. And that is why she decided to send a package of memories for him. First she found an old box of Nike shoes, she took the sheet of tin. Then put a copy in booklet of Romeo and Juliet, from Shakespeare, in the box. The suffering of the tragic lovers in the play was very similar to them: they were deeply in love and were forbidden to see, and yet won the love at the end. It is clear that she and Nate would not die, as Romeo and Juliet. They casariam, would have a large family and grandchildren to tell stories about how they met in the park on a sunny day of autumn when the forces of the universe were perfectly aligned. Then Jenny added a package of two tin of blueberry Pop-Tarts to the box. They were his favorite food, but rarely ate, because I had too much calories and no nutritional value. But she liked the idea of eating something that Nate loved her and miss her. Jenny then put a picture of her that Dan had taken the previous summer. She wore a sleeveless yellow dress and was standing on the edge of a pool of a hotel in Hershey, Pennsylvania, where the Rufus had taken to spend a weekend. Jenny liked were brilliant with their hair in the photo, and how the arms bronzeados cover the sides of the breasts in a way that could not be said that were so large.Then she put the program to break the nuts he had saved. Jenny wanted Nate knew that, starting with The Break walnuts, that day was the most wonderful of her life, the day that they said they loved it. Finally she cut a fuse of thick hair, tied with a red ribbon and placed inside the box. Seemed a little strange with all the other things, as a memento of a dead or something, but she wanted Nate felt that she was well next to it and this seemed the best way. With the increase of the fuse of hair, a box of memories seemed complete. Then she closed the box and held the lid with adhesive tape. After the embrulhou with pages of magazines for teenagers who were spread throughout the room, careful not to include any page with ads for absorbent constraining intimate, contraceptive pills or drugs for mycoses. Finally she pasted a Post-it yellow and carefully wrote the address of Nate in Maine, which she had placed on the agenda with the addresses of all other houses of his family in Montauk, Nice, Barbados and St. Anton, just to ensure. After pasting the box twenty stamps which had surrupiado the desk of her father, Jenny took the package to the kitchen and opened the back door to leave it to the postman. It was great live in a building as the old her. There was no mailbox on the ground floor, so the postman used the service elevator and the mail delivered directly to the back door. She placed the box on the floor, beneath the small shelf where the postman raised the match, and made a frown at her, asking whether it should perhaps open it again and include the thong so that the box was a little more sexy. Thinking better, it seemed half of piranha. Furthermore, Nate had given him the thong of Christmas. If sent back, Nate could not believe that she had liked. Dan appeared in the kitchen and saw Jenny standing in the back door. - What are you doing? - He asked, suspicious. His father had asked to Dan to keep an eye on Jenny and he was taking the task seriously. Jenny closed the door. - Just seeing if you have mail. - She turned and looked at Dan semicerrados eyes. The hair of him was blurry and he wore the same white shirt stained coffee two days ago. - You're horrible. Dan put instant coffee in the cup and opened the tap of hot water until it is hot enough to dissolve the crystals. He filled the cup and drank a sip. - I am working on a poem - he said, as if that explained everything. Jenny opened the refrigerator, would get a can of yogurt DANNON of coffee, and then withdrew his hand and closed the door of the refrigerator with a thud. The last thing I wanted was to see Nate before fat again. Dan blew the cup, watching it. - You know that Vanessa was right? - Said he impassive. - Who filmed both in the park? Jenny turned, pulling down the bra where he had risen between the breasts. She never came back to the site since Dan saw on the computer, and never went through her head trying to deduce who had done that. Vanessa The idea of putting the film on the site seemed absolutely ridiculous. - How do you know? - Jenny asked. Dan has to shoulder. - See the movie. It has to be the Vanessa. Jenny crossed his arms. - I'd rather not see. In any event, so it was she? - Jenny worked with Vanessa in rancor, the journal of the arts students of Constance Billard, and they have always been good. If Vanessa had shot Nate and Jenny in the park, probably had a perfectly good explanation for the cause of this and have done a perfectly good explanation for how the movie ended up on Web - Just thought you wanted to know, just that. - Said Dan and returned to his room. I store and rearrange the list of words he had written to the Office for blocking writer, and now trying to mount them in some order to the poem "Putas". Piranha, slave, scraped, black, income, ice, cold, rain, crying, handkerchief, sleep, coffee, stain, guilt ... It would be very mad poem, of course, but was not about being angry. It was about discovering that the person you love is not who you thought they were. Jenny was not the sweet and innocent sister that he thought, and Vanessa was a voyeur who wore panties of a bitch and take advantage of the moments of intimacy of people to draw attention. He began to use words from the list, adding the occasional verb or adjective to embellish the text. Clean the sleep from my eyes with a handkerchief and serve another cup. I see that you tried to tell me all the time, Shaving the head and showing me (very delicately) With satin and income: You are a slut. Dan liked the righteousness of what he had written and his energy. He continued writing, reinvigorated by the sense of filling a sheet of paper again. After I finish, I would send by e-mail to Vanessa. Writing the poem was the only way he knew to deal with what I had, and send it to Vanessa was the only way he knew to say to her. V is a way to apologize Ruby stuck his head in the room of Vanessa. Emborrachada was wearing a black jacket, jeans and black shoes with pointed needle jump. He had cut his hair and shave with the blade he was supercurto. - Some mail? - Ruby asked. Vanessa shook her head. His parents were traveling through Europe, a tour of some of art fair, and had not warrant or a postcard. - Phone calls? Scraps? Vanessa shook his head again. - Any chance of you come with me? Ruby-proposed. - You should be on vacation, you know. Vanessa has the shoulders of new and closed his jacket hood up to the chin. Was still angry with her sister by borrowing the camera without asking her, and still did not want to do anything except talk to Dan She did not speak with Dan since he got out of his house on Friday - the longer it has been without talking since that became friends years before. She wanted to explain everything to him, the entire disaster on the link in the Web was just a terrible accident and Vanessa just bought the Victoria's Secret lingerie because he thought that would help to relax and have fun. I tell you they were friends long enough to get angry with each other and that jetio to apologize a million different ways. But she hoped that in the background to know Dan well enough to imagine that she would never put a film exploring the site his sister like that. And she hoped the fund that he understood that there was humiliated when she was standing, almost naked, with a minimum undergarment, and it is that it should apologize first. - All right. See you later. I have a food for you - Ruby said, turning up. Vanessa went to the computer to check for the hundredth time if Dan mandara you some e-mail.
This time he had! It was a poem! She pulled a chair and anxiously clicked twice in the file. As soon as he opened, she began to read. Read the poem three times on the screen before you print it and read again. The words were ugly and angry, and hurt. Dan had not forgiven, it was very clear. But Vanessa has always been able to see the beauty in ugly things, and she read requests for publication in anger sufficient to know that the poem he was special. It was full of rich metaphors and a passionate language, and although he wanted to bury their heads covered and in tears, she could not stop admiring the words intelligent. It was brilliant. Even if Dan never speak to her, and although the poem treat it entirely horrible person and he thought she was, she would find that the poem was published. Dan never tried to publish anything, but not as he had not become numb when opening a copy of The New Yorker and saw his poem "Putas" printed in the magazine. What wonderful way to impress the universities to which he was applying. She could not fail to do so. Should it to him. Leaping from the chair, Vanessa vasculhou the room of Ruby to find a copy of The New Yorker stuck under the door of the closet. Browse the magazine to find the name of the editor, returned to the computer and wrote a letter to him, putting the name of Dan and address it in a sealed envelope for response. Audrey goes to college EXT. Depart. ENGLISH. BUILDING THE CAMPUS OF NEW ENGLAND - DAY A four-storey building with white columns and ivory. A green lawn in front. The marble staircase. Audrey, 18, a pretty girl with dark hair of skirt, blouse and shoes beneath the soles of fashion, classic pedal your bike by Schwinn lawn and park in a support of one side of the marble stairs. She climbs the stairs and enter the building. INT. Depart. ENGLISH. BUILDING-SEQUENCE A long corridor flanked by small rooms of the department. All doors are open, and within each of them a teacher is meeting with a student, discussing the issues most admirable of literature. A STUDENT I really thought it would be better if the whale could speak, sir. A TEACHER But this is not a talking whale. This is a man's search for meaning. STUDENT B It has no score. See? Not used comma or point.TEACHER B That does not make a poem. A poem is ... well, a poem is poetry. STUDENT C That on the whale? TEACHER C Arrais. What do you think? STUDENT C Well, I really think it would be better if the whale speak. A fourth teacher goes to the door, look at the corridor on both sides and then slam the door. Audrey runs through the corridor, looking esfarrapada. She knocks on the door of the teacher who just close it. Audrey Professor Weeks! Oh, professor Weeks! PROF. WEEKS You are late. Audrey Yes, but I have a perfectly good excuse. The teacher makes a break, hoping to hear the excuse. PROF. WEEKS Yes?
Audrey (breathless) Oh, but I can not tell you! It is something illegal. PROF. WEEKS (making a frown) Illegal? I need to call the campus security? Audrey (swinging the head) Oh, no. At least, not yet. She spends her work to him. Audrey I could not decide on which the writing of Shakespeare, so I wrote about them all. I hope you do not mind. The teacher puts the reading glasses and begins to read the work. He sits at the table, completely oblivious to what you're reading. While he continues to read, Audrey casually it leaves the room and closes the door. She walks the aisle and out the door of the building, get a bike and pedal the lawn. EXT. QUADRA OF FACULTY - SEQUENCE Triangulated by a huge lawn of tijolinhos buildings. Audrey pedal by lawn, watching the fall foliage rather than look at where you are going. She hits a boy with a sweater that USA's rowing team that is the way to the training. The boy falls to the ground. He is Colin Davis Oh! Audrey down the bike and if agacha next to it.
Audrey Sorry. Is everything okay? COLIN I think I broke my leg. He tries to move it again. COLIN Oh! Audrey Do not move. I'll call an ambulance. She scouts looking for the bag phone. A weapon drops the floor. COLIN looks at the gun. Audrey takes a gun and stick in the bag again. She opens the phone and dials the number of emergency. s is the movida Serena concluded that the only way to repair the horrific was having a Christmas-New Year truly sensational, and the best way to ensure this was to give his own party. She loved planning parties and was extremely good at it, but it was Wednesday and only had three and a half days to organize everything. Blair would not help. Was isolated in a room with the iBook, a package of cigarettes and an espresso machine and would not leave until we finish the script I was writing to the proposal to Yale. Serena was always delegating tasks better than doing everything yourself, then who should call unless the two girls who so desperately wanted to be your new best friends? - Hello? Kati? It's Serena. - Hi! - Look, Isabel is there? - Arrais. Of course it was. - Legal. So I was wondering if it would import you to come help me plan my New-Year's Eve party. I kind of decided at the last minute and really want to be great, but I am with little time. The two girls were speechless. Then began to screech together. - Oh my God! Vai to be the best party of all! Do not worry, we will get there quickly. And here. Serena came to the door using a pair of red velvet and a Juicy Couture camisetinha with a picture of a snowman. - Oh, my God, you're so tanned exultou Isabel, kissing her on the face. - You emagreceu? - Kati said, kissing her too.
As Serena needed weight. The eternal gracious host, Serena took them to the living room of the family's huge apartment in Fifth Avenue overlooking the Metropolitan Museum of Art her parents were to spend the holidays and Ridgefield brother was in Boston, with friends of college, then Serena had an apartment just for her. Had already placed several blank sheets of paper in the huge coffee table with glass top and writing them headers: Local. Drink / Food. Music / Sound. Theme / Decoration / Lighting. Invitations. List of Guests. She became the sheets of paper for Kati and Isabel. See how Serena knew delegate? - You were the organizing committee of the party in Boca Kiss in October, is not it? They are based. - Great. Can call the same buffet and decorator that same party? - Of course! - Isabel bent for the stock market looking for PalmPilot. - And we need to find a legal DJ - Serena instructed. Kati seemed confused. - It is not the 45 that will play? Serena blinked. I had no idea where Flow would spend the New Year, but was not sure that he wanted to stay in pursuing his own party. - No, actually he is busy writing the new disc - she lied. - A DJ is better anyway. More variety. The two girls seemed disappointed. - I thought we could use this list of guests of the ball Black-and-White - Serena continued, taking another stack of paper in the coffee table. - Of course I can add who you want. - Flow is at least? Serena faltered. If that was not going to say, Kati and Isabel probably start to spread rumors again, about the engagement of Serena and Flow was over and blah blah blah. And it could be an elegant gesture send an invitation to the house of Flow in Malibu, especially after it left the parrot in reception of the resort in St. Barts and returned to New York on the morning of Christmas, without seeing him again. It was as if he really was the party anyway. - He promised me he would - she said, pointing to the name of Flow on the list. Without thinking about doing that, Serena went to thumb through the list until the U.S. to make sure that the name of Aaron Rose was there. Aaron just back from St. Barts in the 30th, but she hoped it was the party. He looked so sad the last time she saw him she wanted to do something to cheer him. - Should I take care of the invitations? - Kati asked, every executive. Nokia's mobile phone took the bag Herve Chapelier red. - Can I call the paper right now. - Great - Serena said. - And, Isabel, why not call the realtor for parties? Tell him I want a big loft in the center with a good view of fireworks. Preferably with a deck. While passing the list of invitees to Kati, a name at the top of the list drew attention to Serena: Nathaniel Archibald. Where the hell andava Nate, indeed, "she is asked. He had to go to her party. The new-year would not be the same without him. Nate was busy opening the package of memories of Jenny, which was not a simple task, since it was wrapped in a layer of five centimeters of magazines for teenagers and Scotch tape. The package had arrived yesterday afternoon, but somehow, between being snowboarding down the mountain with Cadillac John and Ryan and smoking hashish in the bathtub of a girl at a party in Bar Harbor, he simply had forgotten to open. The only clean underwear that remained in the drawer of Nate was that Jenny had bought for him at Barneys, he now was sitting on the floor using the samba-song of sailfish, ripping the pages of a magazine covering box of Nike shoes, exactly of how Jenny had imagined. He raised the lid of the box and looked inside, laughing even while it was the finger in the tinder-haired Jenny. Mandar a wick of hair almost seemed that Blair would do something, but it probably fill with perfume first, then put a box of Tiffany's silver-coated red velvet and with a monogram of the initials of Nate or something. Nate got the program of The Break-nuts and leaves. Instead of remembering five days before, when he led Jenny to see the ballet and they sat in the front row of the balcony at the New York State Theater of Lincoln Center hold hands while the army of nutcracker toy soldiers in the fighting the mice against the evil under the huge Christmas tree, he thought the last time they took Blair to see the same ballet. Blair had colic. So in the meantime, Nate managed an Advil and a Perrier for her with the bartender and then they took to smoking cigarettes behind the counter. They were kissing and it went the whole second act there, smoking, kissing and watching people passing by the source and the empty Lincoln Center. Blair was wearing a coat of camel hair with the collar of mink in which Nate liked to pull his face, breathing the aroma of the combination of animal skin, the scent of cigarette smoke and Blair. From the top of the dresser Shaker board room of Nate in Mount Desert, the phone rang. The phone had nine messages, all with the number of Jenny, and Nate had not been concerned with the answer either. But this time the number it flashes on the screen was different. Nate laughed. He was always happy to hear Serena. It is, as all the guys on the planet. - And then? What 's up? - Natie? - The voice sounded calm in your ears. - I was wondering when am I gonna see you again. Or will you, so kind, to stay in Maine until graduation? Nate is bent and picked up the package of blueberry Pop-Tarts box of memories of Jenny. Opened with the teeth and took one of the Pop-Tarts, devouring it before throwing the bag back to the box. - I think I will stay longer here - he wanted to avoid dealing with Jennifer until the last minute. Or forever, if possible. - But I will give a party-New Year's - Serena said a voice in a bad mood. - Kati and Isabel are here now, helping me to plan. The theme will be great and we have the best DJ, and a huge deck so that everyone can see the fireworks. You are a Mane is not coming, and I promise I will regret fully. Nate laughed. The party seemed legal. Then he thought of something. - Hey, Where to Blair? You were not in St. Barts? - Back sooner - Serena sighed. - Blair on this side and a nerd working on the proposal to Yale. - Ah - Nate got the copy of Romeo and Juliet and spent the thumb at the edge of the pages full of ears. Then he looked for cover, a classic image of a boy and a girl intertwined in a hug. - But it will at the party, right? - Of course, silly - Serena exclaimed. - It is not as well nerd. - OK - Nate agreed, still holding the book. - I will. Serena hung up. Facing her, sitting on the couch of red and white chintz, Kati and Isabel were busy to phone, scheduling the buffet and beverage ordering more than ever need. Serena smiled to herself. It was half as interesting Nate said only that the party was going after it said that Blair would be there. He had a feeling that would be a very interesting new-year. the tormented artists suddenly have their moment Still using the same coffee-stained white shirt to wear for almost a week, Dan had almost filled an entire block with morbid poems about love poetry was a hoax invented by Hallmark to sell cards of Valentine's Day and give people the false impression that their life had meaning. Now he was working on a poem entitled "Car Full of Stones," about a guy who fills your car from stones and leads to a river because the car reminds of the ex-girlfriend who liked to go out there and listen to the static car instead of music. Jenny knocked on the door. - Have a letter for you, Mr. total recluse. Dan dropped the pen and opened the door. Jenny was wearing a robe pink and had a mustache of white cream. She spent an envelope. - What is it in your face? - Asked him, getting the letter. - I depilando - she said, turning up and following the corridor to the bathroom. Do not know what that means, Dan thought, closing the door. Jenny was spending too much time stuck at home reading of fashion magazines, but combined well with her for being a bitch. Dan turned the thin white envelope and examined the address of the sender. It was the New Yorker, probably offering a signature, when his father was a lifetime subscriber. He opened and deployed a sheet of paper that was inside. Dear Mr. Humphrey, Thank you for sending your poem, "Whores", to The New Yorker. Our congratulations! I am happy to inform you that post your poem in our edition of the Valentine's Day. Fill, if your interest, the Author's information sheet attached to this so we can include aglumas information about you on our colleagues. A check for $ 800 will be sent. Happy New-Year! Jani Price PublisherThat was a joke, "said Dan He releu up the letter twice before letting it fall into the bed, the whole body trembling with fear. The New Yorker rarely published poems by unknown authors, and Jani Price was famous for sending letters of rejection unpleasant, such as. "Good try!" Or "Sorry, Charlie." Dan reviewed the letter. It looked authentic. Then read the letter again, his hands still shaking madly with the idea that a stranger - and even more so famous in the literary world as Jani Price - had read his poem. The more I thought about it, became more evident that the only person who could have sent the poem to the magazine was Vanessa. As if it had not already caused enough damage. What the hell - not, what the fuck she was thinking? Dan threw the letter on the bed and took a dirty shirt. First would take a hot bath and wear clothes files. At last! Then went straight to Brooklyn to make a hole in Vanessa. As she dared violate his work sending it to someone without having to work to ask him first? Who thought that was it, anyway? Her fairy godmother croppy and boots to fight? How about the Bad Good Witch of the East? Ruby finally had recovered a Sony digital camera and Vanessa was sitting on the computer, downloading images of pendants of ice and placing them in his new movie, shortly before the passage of pigeons empoleirados on a garbage truck. She had already deleted from the film Nate and Jenny in the snow and decided to leave everything behind and focus on new movie. Besides the pigeons empoleirados in the trash, a bald-head doll and went caolha a torn bag of garbage. It was sensational. A box of instant message appeared on the upper right corner of the monitor and Vanessa clicked it, hoping it was Dan By then he should already know the New Yorker and maybe I was sending a message to thank because they decided to publish and everything was forgiven. But the address in the message was not to Dan KM10001: ptm is vanessa Abrams, filmmaker? Gatacareca: perhaps KM10001: I am looking for the person who filmed those kids in the park. work with the camera is unbelievable. Gatacareca: really? Who says? KM10001: Ken Mogul. Seahorse did, maybe you've seen. then I'm talking to the right person? Gatacareca: is. KM10001: wow. I wanted to work with you too. I'm finishing a film now that I have to Cannes. you care? Gatacareca: I'm still in secondary. but I care. KM10001: legal. I can see you somewhere? type today, later? I'm in NY. Gatacareca: I shoot in Central Park at night 10 hours, there. I find there? KM10001: great. adorei see your work. I see you there. Gatacareca: bye. Vanessa returned to edit his film knowing it was a great possibility that the person who had talked with her in fact be one of the friends of Nate mauricinhos who were now opening a hole in the ice of the lake in Central Park to shoot in the water freezing and Vanessa afoge it because of the link that was circulating. Or perhaps it was actually Ken Mogul, the alternative film, one of his heroes. Laughed loud. She was a goofy and for both e-mail. But who knows? Everything was possible. Gossipgirl.net ___________________________________________________________________themes / previous / next / do a question / answer Warning: all the real names of places, people and events were curtailed to protect the innocent. I mean, I do. Hi, guys! HOW TO HAVE A PARTY FOR NEW YEAR-the busiest WORLD Two tips: 1) Get stuck in me. I know where is the movida. 2) Kiss people. The midnight today is the time throughout the year in which you have an open invitation to kiss completely unknown people without having to give any explanation. So go on! Your email Q: Dear Gossip Girl, Okay, so I'm not a big fofoqueira but I tell you in that I am still here in St. Barts. You know that guy who was with B-M? Well, B, after leaving, he stayed with one that teaches French and they went water skiing muitotempo together. - Bean A: Dude bean, Thanks for the information. I am sorry for you being stuck there instead of being here. Moreover, you should gossip more often. Let your skin bright. - GG Flagra The walking with his boxer by Park Avenue. I imagine that he has returned from St. Barts, even with the friend M getting there. Flow catching a plane in LA for the Kennedy Airport in New York early this morning. Oh, yeah? B is venturing out to buy a house for hair spray extragrande Frederic Fekkai at Zitomer Pharmacy in Madison. It seems that it is preparing an extravagant hairstyle for the party of tonight. I am dying to see. I am dying to see you all! The only party that is worth If you have not received one of these, then you may very well leave the city. There is a Mane. Come celebrate the new Year-me! Theme: A Night in Paradise Very Mad Where? In the Ice Castle, West 19th Street When? Saturday night, DAA, from 9 to ... Take what? You and your friends who fit in the elevator. See you there! - Serena Our life is better than the FILMS If our life was a movie for teenagers bum, convidariamos all officials of the admission of all the universities to which the candidates to leave us and cuidariamos so much fun that they would let us decide. But our life is better than the movies and we need not reach that far to get into college. Is not it? I can not wait to see who's kissing whom at midnight! For you who love me, gossip girl j away from home Jenny had scrapes, epilator, pliers, esfoliado and hydrate the entire body, fucked the nails, dry the hair and makeup applied a subtle in shades of bronze and other according to a map that had kept the magazine Allure. Then put the thong and the same pair of black velvet that used in the special day in the park, with a tight black top with V-neck and wire gold that seemed brega the hanger but it was great. According to her, I mean. Finally, she put the turquoise pendant that Nate and had a pair of black high-heeled boots with which I could not walk right, but who care for it? They were six hours, and the last two and a half hours she tried to distract seeing Osbournes reprise of triggering off slowly and a bag of Pepperidge Farm whole of cheddar cheese, while maintaining the cell-blue metallic nestled on the lap. But now they were eight and a half of New Year's Eve, and Nate had not yet connected. Jenny was so concerned with preparing the body for the night and wait for the call from Nate not understand what the rest of the family was doing. She turned off the TV and went to the hall. The door was ajar for Dan and she opened it completely. The computer was turned off and there was no fire lit cigarettes in the ashtray. - Dan? - Called it, but there was no response. She gave a half-turn and down the corridor to the office of her father. The door was open. Empty. - Dad? - But, again, no response. Traditionally, on the eve of New Year-, Rufus went with some friends for a marathon of reading poetry in a cafe in Greenwich Village. It seemed that he had already left. Jenny pressed some buttons on the mobile phone and immediately dialed the number of Nate. The messaging system responded again. "If you're trying to talk to ...", said the robot voice of women. "Nate," said Nate with their voice. "Please dial one and leave a message, or wait for the signal," continued the voice of robotised woman. - I am again - piou Jenny, trying to lively opinion. - I think you're stuck in traffic or something. I think for now the party of Serena. Maybe I can to stop the taxi in his home, and I intercom. Anyway, hope to see you before midnight! All right. I love you. Bye. Jenny hung up and went to the room to grab the bag and coat. And if she was not officially released? Rufus and Dan had left her alone in the apartment. What they expected of a princess who got stuck in the tower for so long? Nate had thought about not smoking anything until the party because he knew that Blair would prefer if he was not stoned. Ah, what was New-Year's Eve. - Caracas - said Jeremy, to the great Nate based that had just lit. Nate, Jeremy and Anthony were together near the Gandhi statue in union Square. Nearby, someone played Yesterday on a recorder. - Pull well - Jeremy advised. - Then it is better we go to the fucking party. Here 's looking to Antarctica. Nate led based on the mouth and pulled, closing his eyes. There was nothing better than a long slap on a cold night. He spent the based on the Charlie, holding the smoke in the lungs for another moment. - And if the party is a bag? - Charlie asked before giving a slap. Nate reminded what Serena had said about Blair is locked in a room all week to work on the proposal to Yale. Where spent much time alone doing work at the school, Blair was extremely excited after. - Man - he said, blowing a cloud of smoke in the air near the head of Gandhi. - Believe me, it will not be a bag. n is still with the heart of its sleeve b Let Serena raise the standards of New-Year's celebrations, or any party, indeed. Two minutes into the loft in Chelsea that she rented for the party was enough to make it clear that this was definitely the best party that anyone could go. There were torches burning in the corners and the dance floor was gram of truth. The Bartenders wore tiny bikinis to crochet, and the DJ was a famous cartoon of Iceland. At the end of the loft had room with white leather sofas and baths, for those who needed some privacy or just wanted to take a bath. And there was a huge terrace overlooking the city in three directions, when to start the fires. Blair had slept only a few hours and not left the house since coming back from St. Barts. Has espresso, adrenaline, cigarettes and determination. His tour would go right, she could feel - she went to Yale! But the best least auteurs need to make a pausinha. She came to the party using the microssaia Dior of purple suede, a Chloe top of black satin and black stockings trawler. The hair was pulled up in a tail-of-60 super high horse and superbalan?ante and she was wearing lipstick and eyelashes posti?os silver. Feet in the new pair of boots to jump 10 Christian Louboutin black suede of the gay father had sent her to France, Christmas gift, with a card that said: "Merry Christmas, Ursinha Blair. Warning: Do not leave unattended with these boots! "But Blair not followed him to the board - she was alone. Did not take long to find Serena. She was the only girl striped pink in hair, dancing barefoot and wearing a bra in a bikini Missoni, short black velvet of short and long earrings of diamonds wobbly ears. The DJ had increased the volume and the music was so loud that the walls train. - My breasts hurt - Serena shouted for Blair, even dancing. - My breasts hurt - Serena shouted for Blair, even dancing. - My head hurts! - Blair shouted back. What she needed, before even thinking about dance or talk to someone, was a strong drink. Or three, or four. - I just see Nate! - Serena shouted, pointing to the crowd at random. - I was looking for you!Of course it was. Blair Serena went through, making his way in the crowd toward the bar. She deserved a drink. Almost ended the roadmap - just missing the end - and was sure that was enough. Moreover, it was the fucking New Year's Eve, and if Nate wanted to talk to her, she needed to take at least a drink before. Kati and Isabel were stopped at the bar waiting for the cosmos that had requested. - Hi Blair - they coo in unison. - Are you still tan - Isabel noted, poking the very boring pale arm. Both wore long black, exactly the same as that Blair and Serena dressed in prom Black-and-White. - Serena said you were working on the proposal to Yale - said Kati, suckin his cosmos. - We still have a whole month before sending our proposals, you know. Blair faced the bartender for taking so long to answer to her request. - I just want to get off perfect. - I am sure you will get out - ensured a familiar voice behind her. Blair turned and found Nate - its protagonist - stopped in front of her, using the green sweater from Cashmere V-neck with which she had on Easter. Before you wrap it and give him, she sew a heart of gold inside of one of the sleeves so that Nate was always with her heart on the sleeve. She asked if the heart was still there. Kati and Isabel left us alone, blade bone for a group of girls who began to whisper. - I knew that the thing she lost to Miles in St. Barts - Tina Ford said. - That was why she came back before - Rain Hoffstetter said. - To take the morning-after pill that took the gynecologist. - Has anyone seen the Flow? - Kati asked. - Serena promised us he would come - gemeu Isabel. Nicki Burton shook his head astutely. - I heard Flow broke with Serena because he wants to stay clean and she is a total junkie.
- Hey, where is your little girl, garden-of-childhood? - Blair said, pulling a bag of Merit Ultra Light and hoping that Nate Lights to her. Nate laughed. It was a start. At least she was talking to him. - We finished - he said simply. Since when? The bartender finally went through there in the tiny crochet bikini and Nate hit his hand on the bar. - Ketel One with tonic and a Jack and Coke with ice too - he said, asking for two. Blair loved as Nate knew exactly what she wanted without it had nothing to say, but she pretended not understand, smoking his cigarette and watching the dancers ro?ando to butt each other. - Hey, how was Christmas? - Nate asked, going to it carefully with a vodka tonic. He was not the hold up in a conversation. Blair took a big gulp and then gave a shot over the cigarette. - Sucks. Nate felt that she did not want to talk. - Let there - he said. - Only six months for graduation. They looked with a face of fear. - Six months - said Blair, taking another big gulp. - It is too long - Nate said, concluding the thought of her. Blair risked almost a smile. That was another thing she loved in Nate. He always knew exactly what she was thinking. - It is crazy - Nate continued, stimulated by the suggestion of a smile in it. - Next year, by then, we will be with other guys that we know in college. People do not know it exists.Blair bite of the cherry cocktail, watching Serena hit the bottom with two men of dark hair for twenty years that the sailor wore matching outfits and seemed twins. - I can not wait - she said. - After it is to Yale, I will never return. Nate smiled. He loved how Blair always thought that was going to Yale. - I have to go visit you, then. The vodka was going up to the head of Blair. She could see that Nate was trying to talk to her as if nothing had happened, as if he had not exchanged for a pre-school and spent the last month avoiding it altogether. It was irritating way, but it was also wonderful way, as part of its roadmap in which Colin Audrey realized that she had acted with the same horrible way that she acted with him and therefore she decided to love him even more. Blair sighed and closed the fund drink. I had forgotten how were the eyes of Nate. Charlie Dern toward them and was greeted Nate, beating the palms. - Hey, welcome back, man. I saw your ass on that Web site. Nice move! But that sense of opportunity. - Thanks, man - Nate replied, trying to stay cool. - See you later - he added, giving to understand the Charlie that he wanted to discuss the matter. Charlie Blair went out and put another cigarette in the mouth. - What he means, and sent in what? Nate opened the Zippo and lit a cigarette it. If Blair had not heard of him and Jennifer on that site that everyone commented, he definitely wanted things continue like that. - Nothing not - he replied. A fuse of sand-brown hair fell on his forehead and the Blair departed for Nate, so it is smiling at him while he return the smile. Almost like old times. Almost. to find a distraction Shortly after ten, the half-brother of Blair gone, Aaron, left the elevator and entered the loft in a cloud of cigarette smoke of course, using one of your shirts LEGALIZE HEMP surprisingly pale and looking for those who spent a week in St. Barts. Then his eyes swept away the crowd of drinkers, smokers and dancers suados and fell on Blair and Nate talking next to the bar, eyes glued in the face of each other. The heart of Aaron hit in the chest wall. Blair seemed like a person completely different from Blair in St. Barts. She was shining. He wanted to go there to apologize and try to explain the behavior in the village idiot, but then thought better not do that. It was a party and everyone should have fun. He would wait until tomorrow if Blair was not quite hangover. On the trail, Serena saw the skytech desarrumadas means of Aaron and danced towards him, the hair bands with a pink rocking and fingers painted silver shining. She threw his arms in the neck and shook him on the cheek colored ear of Aaron. - I'm so glad you came! - She said, appears to be even happier. - I - gruniu Aaron, thinking that perhaps was being sincere. - Where the Miles? He did not come with you? Aaron shook his head. - He is still in St. Barts. It means someone who met there. Serena laughed. - Ah, knew, huh? Aaron put his hands in the pockets of the olive-green pants and looked at Blair and Nate again. Serena followed the look of it. Why Aaron Blair always looked for anything with that so sad? - It is nice to see the two together again, right? - She dropped out of breath, hoping that he agreed. Aaron is forced to approve. Blair was not his, and she seemed happy. - It is - he said. - Yeah. Serena has the arm to it, taking it to the runway. - Come on - she screamed -, let's dance! She smelled like patchouli and sandalwood, barefoot and it was exactly the same height of Aaron. Wow, saw Aaron while Serena prying golden arms and agile on the head and gave a little spin, their hair flying in all directions. She is really beautiful. As everyone around the world already had not noticed that. He could be a little peaked when he arrived, but someone was about to have a very happy new-year. not even in new york Vanessa did not like the idea of kissing a bunch of drunks that did not like much and shout "Happy New Year-". It was kind of the nightmare of it. So instead of going to the festival of Serena, she got the filming equipment, put lots of clothes and took the subway to Central Park. Everyone was cool that would be the party of Serena, then why not see what would make people who were not antenadas? Only negative was seven degrees outside and the temperature was dropping. I could not get anything more inappropriate than the race's annual midnight in the park frozen. It was the perfect outcome for the film about New York. She began shooting as people were preparing for the race at the entrance of the park, near the dam, the 89 East. Had started to snow, then it was a challenge to keep the lens clean and lighting correct, but the park was incredibly pure and beautiful in its thin layer of newly fallen snow, and all the runners were in full frenzy. This would be even better than the head of the doll garbage truck. - You are every year, or is the first time? - Vanessa asked a man using only Bermuda emaciate of denim and basketball shoes without socks. She has a zoom in your chest magrelo and haggard, looking for assaduras cold, but what is not scared to see none. - First time? - Exclaimed the man, pulling his hair gray sticky in a tail-to-horse and smiling at her with the tobacco-stained teeth. - I look blank for you? Thick. Vanessa was happy to be his face hidden by the camera. - All right - she said, retreating. - Good luck. She returned to a woman who should have some seventy years of using a mink coat, shoes and Chanel ears of mink, leading a white standard poodle who also had a coat of mink. - Hi, and who is this here? - Vanessa hum, lowering itself to the pet dog. - We love running in the snow. - The woman smiled happily, shriveled lips with a thick layer of orange-pink lipstick. The white hair was pulled up in a coke and cheeks were coarse Ruge of orange. - All my children are grown and my husband is in the casinos of Nice, then Angel and I came here to have fun. - I - said Vanessa, but obviously she had not children, nor husband, nor dog. She smiled at the woman as conspirasse with her. - It is exciting, is not it? The woman was taking something from the bag Hermes Kelly green, and Vanessa has a zoom in that could see: botinhas red rubber. - Once he gets balls of snow in feet - she explained, crouch to close the botinhas feet with Velcro in the poodle. - And they have much style - Vanessa completed. Now she knew what people meant when saying "Just even in New York." Only in New York that you find a woman and her poodle with mink coats of combining in a race at midnight with that creep of Bermuda. And now Vanessa had a title for your film: Only even in New York. It was brilliant, even though she said it herself. From boots, Angel trot in a circle, showing them. - Good boy! - Vanessa said, following him closely with the camera. She was so delighted with the subject have not understood that his hero, Ken Mogul, rode over there and it sat in a seat to observe the park. Dan sought by Vanessa for hours. First was to her apartment, which would have been the most obvious place to find it, but after touching the doorbell some 14 times in the windows and shout, he finally gave up. Then he went to the Five and Dime, the bar in Williamsburg where the band Ruby, the SugarDaddy, played. Ruby was busy rehearsing with the band, but Dan said that Vanessa had said something about shooting people crazy in a park at midnight. That encouraging. As each city park was not full of crazy people. Dan first tried in Madison Square Park, where Vanessa had filmed a scene of war and peace. But except for some people who walk with the dogs and a man who slept on a bench with a paper bag on his head, the park was quiet. Then he tried to Washington Square Park, which was full of hipsters skater and students of the University of New York lighting Bombinhas illegal. Finally he returned to center and went to Central Park, wandering aimlessly and xingando Vanessa for not believe in cell phones. He circumvented the dam, watching the flakes of snow that are floating around and clashed, asking where it had gone to the ducks. Then he saw a crowd gathered near the entrance of the park on 89th And, making his way by the crowd, talking to people while looking through his video camera, was a pale girl in black above, a knitted hat and black combat boots to black. Dan followed by steps of stone that led to the dam and it sat on a bench near the park with a man about thirty years, short red hair and skin Freckled who wore a face ski jacket with dark-gray hooded fur. The man was sitting on the bare hands and seemed to be watching intensely Vanessa. - See how she gets behind the people before they show and talk with them? - Asked the man to Dan, pointing to Vanessa. - It is as if she wanted to know what they do not know about themselves. Dan seats. Who the hell was this guy, anyway? - I love the way she mixes with the background at times, being so quiet, letting people do what they are doing. She is beautiful. Dan turned and faced the subject. I wanted to give him a punch. The man raised his hand.
- Hi, I'm Ken Mogul, filmmaker - he said. - You make movies? Dan shook his head briefly. - No - the breath of it floated to the sky in lambadas cold and white. - I am a poet. The two saw Vanessa is char for the poodle to sniff mink coat from the lens of the camera. Dan is bent forward. She was so lovely behind the camera and so comfortable with what I did that was difficult to believe that use of the material inappropriate way. Maybe Jenny was right not to blame Vanessa, he concluded. Maybe she has not had anything to do with that link. Somehow her work had fallen into the wrong hands. - I published anything? - Asked Ken Mogul. - Not yet - Dan smiled to himself. - But a poem I will leave the New Corker in the coming months - he added with pride. what she wants is not what she has They were almost 11 of the night when Jenny came to the festival of Serena. His sympathetic taxi driver had become stuck in traffic in Times Square - that everyone knows that is a place to be avoided in the new Year-crowded with tourists because it is drunk and is a complete nightmare. Jenny and was then left on foot. It felt cool and mature way, alone in the street at night, on the way to a party where they finally see her boyfriend again, the love of his life. When the elevator and out into the loft, Jenny unbutton your coat and handed the girl at the entrance. The breasts endoscope inflated in black and gold top with V neck in designing for the room. Hi, hi! Several men at the party immediately recognized the little hair of the link on the Web that was a hot gossip holidays. They stopped what they were doing and began to applaud. - Hey, come here and show me your thong! - Screamed a drunk man was wearing a hat that any black out of fashion. - Want to get in my coat? - Shouted another. Jenny froze in the doorway, holding onto the bag, feeling much as Clara in the nutcracker when surrounded by the gang of evil mice. his eyes searched the room looking desperately for Nate. Where, oh, where the prince nutcracker her? Across the room, near the bar, a boy with wavy hair and a golden girl of long brown hair that fell in the back talking with his face so close that they could be well be kissing. They looked just like Jenny always wanted to be seen, as if they forget that at a party full of people, too distracted by love. The boys were still cheering for Jenny and Donovan of hair when the boy and girl of golden brown hair turned up to look. Hi, hi again! And in that moment, Jenny thought. Nate was never in love with her, because he never stopped loving Blair. And because he had lied and pretended to love her, he was not even a good boyfriend, as Vanessa and Dan said. Nate was not the nutcracker prince. Just another rotten mouse. - Nate - foulard Jenny, the voice stuck in my throat. She caballero to the bar where they were and Nate Blair, took off the turquoise pendant neck and shot him with the greatest force that could. - Jennifer, sorry ... - Nate began to falter, but his eyes seemed not regret anything and Jenny was not interested. Blair to face, but it also does not disturbed. - Fuck you - it Saussure as hot tears began to roll for his face. Then she turned to look for the bathroom, where it could play a man in cold water and leave the party with some dignity. Nate was lowered and put the turquoise pendant in my pocket. Looked tired and clumsy. Blair put another cigarette between the lips and risk a match, trying to light it. Continued trying without any luck and finally dropped the match with a sigh mad. Nate opened the Hippo and extended it to her, but the Blair ignored. - What is the problem? - Asked him, although the absolute certainty of the response. Blair narrowed eyes at him, lit a cigarette still hanging in the mouth. He was not the protagonist. He already was. And there were so many promising stars - that you needed him? - You are another reason why I was anxious to enter the college. - I just want to light up your cigar - Nate replied without much conviction. - OK - Nate Blair lit a cigarette and inhale deeply. After a torrent of smoke blew in his face. - Now you can fuck. Nate wrinkle the forehead and closed his Hippo, extinguishing the flame. Blair always exaggerated. Near them, people began to sing, "Ten! Nine! Eight! " - Blair? - Nate took a step forward. All you had to do was kiss it and make up, and everything back to normal again. Like old times. But Blair broke, dropping the cigarette feet of Nate, the tail-of-brown horse while swinging between protoplasm went to the sliding glass door that led to the deck. It was nearly midnight and I had something better to do than kiss another Man. s win a serenade Serena had danced so much that he felt like he had run a marathon. The mouth was dry, Amado legs and arms appendix loose side. Someone had cusp drink in your hair, but she was not called. He had a cute butt is swinging pretty close to it, and used a butt-olive green trousers and belonged to a cute sketchy of short and dark. - Seven! Six! Five! Aaron took the hand of Serena. - Come on out! - He shouted, pulling it to the room for the glass doors. - Serena! - Shouted a voice, holding them in the middle of the road. Serena turned the blue eyes irregardless of disbelief. Flow was, leaving the elevator, using a caramel suede jacket and holding of the case of the guitar. There were circles around their eyes and curly black hair was a little flat on the side because of the long journey by plane from Cos Angel, but he was still beautiful. The girls at the party stopped and approached, and so did most of the boys. - Hi - Serena gave him a quick smile. Flow Serena breathed like a breath of fresh air. With the top, the short shorts and bare feet, she seemed a goddess of your dreams more crazy. He kneels and opened the case of the guitar. - I wrote a song for you when you were coming this way. Serena dropped the hand of Aaron and his arms crossed. I did not want to be rough, but how far would Flow before giving up and go home? Beside her, Aaron put your hands in your pockets. He did not care to hear what was playing Flow. Nor anyone else in the room. - I called for My Andy Girl - Flow muttered short. He spent the guitar by shoulder, played some chords and then closed his eyes and began to sing while. You stole my heart, now I paid the fine You robbed me, left me crazy and dry My love is like chocolate, melts in your hand If you prove it, you understand Ewe. But remember, he had one man. Was probably the worst song he had composed, but the guests of the party still gravamen around Flow, hypnotized by the music and the beauty of it. All the girls that he expected the notice is improvised a song for them there, and all the guys thought that, if they left with Flow, it would certainly be okay tonight. Serena was tempted to throw a dollar in the guitar case of Flow, but it probably already had hurt - did not have to insult him still on top. - Come on - she whispered to Aaron, returning to the crowd and getting his hand. - Come on out. Blair was not surprised when Chuck Bass found a stop on deck, eating olives furiously, smoking, swallowed Mauve Cliquiest and freezing your butt. Lacked little to midnight and, knowing Chuck, he looked for someone to make him a blow while fireworks shot. - Happy New Year-, Blair - he went straight to her and gave her a kiss on the lips. He was like olives, but he seemed not to mind. Blair moved away and spat on the floor. - It better be. Chuck put his arm around her and slide your hand slowly in the back of Blair until the ass. - You know what is the best way to enter the year-again? She moved away and pointed to the glass doors Kali and Isabel, near a table, hold hands and doing the countdown. - Those two have always been totally in love with you - Blair said, trying to keep a serious face. - If you want to "enter the year-new" with someone, why not ask them? Chuck laughed at her. - Really? She seats. - Go ahead, I ... - But before he could finish the sentence, Chuck had dipped into and picked up the two girls a hug. - Four! Three! Two! v and d have their own show At 11:45, the runners had started the slow track at the park. Vanessa ran beside them with a video camera, trying to capture the mixture of determination, pain and elation on the face of them. They were outdoors, and was running a cold to freeze! It was the end of a year and the beginning of another - perhaps the beginning of a new era! Although they ran so slowly that she could follow them easily, Vanessa had left the bag in the snow on the camera back and fight for his boots were giving him blisters, so she decided to return to the line of departure, imagining that the Peoria on arrival . Dan and Ken Mogul were still waiting for her in the bank. - I indicated for some things - said Ken. - But never won anything. Perhaps working with Vanessa change that. - He was monologue since Dan sit beside him. Dan does not matter. His bloc was open on the lap and he looked fixedly to the halo of light in the snow produced by a pole, looking for the exact words to describe how the flakes of snow passed by the light, so slowly it did not appear to be falling, but floating. Vanessa suddenly appeared in the halo of light, the red cheeks to run and the huge brown eyes shining. She smiled with the vision of Dan ridiculous and an older man with a sparse ski seated together at a bank, with a centimeter of fresh snow on the shoulders. The brown eyes and moving of Dan looked at her from under the white hat. He did not seem angry. My God, she was happy to see him. - How long is sitting there? The guy in partnership with ski arose. - Enough to see that you definitely is the next great sense of humor. Vanessa laughed again. This guy was serious? He approached and handed him a card. Ken Mogul, filmmaker, was saying. - I am going to Brazil to shoot each child prostitutes in Rio - Ken explained. - But I hope you call me so that we can do something. I really could use you. Vanessa went to the bag and kept the camera. Always admired the work of Ken Mogul, but was not sure if I wanted to be "used" by any director, regardless of their fame. She wanted to make movies alone. - Will you call me? - Ken insisted.- Excuse me - she heard Dan say little behind them. Ken turned. - This guy was waiting to talk to you almost as long as I do. Who are you anyway, man? Dan stood up, leaving the block fall into the snow. He went to Vanessa, caught it and moved his arms around her. - Her boyfriend - he said the Mogul by Ken on the shoulder. And then he kissed with the maximum intensity that could, afraid that, if not humble enough, it does not take seriously. He was her boyfriend, for God's sake! And he was angry with her, proud of her and proud of himself for kisses it and end this breach, once and for all. Vanessa kissed with the same intensity. What if Fosse Ken Mogul, the filmmaker. The movie he was doing was much nicer than any film that he had done. Moreover, she did not want to talk about career now, anyway. I was too busy kissing Dan, her boyfriend. As they kiss, the fires began lighting the sky. It was kind of a cliche that could ruin a movie or a poem, but was much better than a movie and much better than a poem. It was the reality. j flouting of a famous rock star At the last note of music, Flow opened his eyes and saw that Serena was gone. The clock beat the midnight and everyone started to hug, kiss and to shoot for the top hats of the role of the party, ignoring it entirely, which was the first time this happened in his life. Some people threw notes of one hundred dollars in case of his guitar just for saneness it. He took the floor and played on the guitar before saving and closing the case with a thud. Then, half-back has to get the lift as soon as the doors were closing, the case holding the doors until they open again. A little girl of chest hair with a remarkably large wall was supported in the back of the elevator. - Hi - Flow was shy of his famous smile as entered. The girl said nothing. It seemed that he had been crying. - Mai to the center? - Flow asked. - My car is waiting outside. Can I buy you a drink or something. Jenny took no eyes to the ground. Flow, Nate, were all equal. Just because he was famous and delicious not to say that she should talk to him, is not it? No, certainly not. The elevator's doors were opened. - I - she replied. She became the revolving doors of the building and came to the sidewalk to call a taxi. Year-new era in New York and the entire city was a party only, but Jenny was going home, and follow the advice of his father at least once in life, snuggle in bed with a good book. Once Serena and Aaron were out, the fireworks exploded in the sky around them. I was freezing and had only a few people on deck. All others were in the loft, pouring champagne on the head of the gang and the Oakland ass while the DJ sent the music even louder than before. While watching the psychedelic landscape, Serena took that feeling again - loved the feeling that - when was not sure what would happen, but I knew it would be a good thing. Perhaps the best so far. - Look - she pointed to as the blue sparks massive fireworks started a buzz in the sky and then exploded in flamingos on the East River. Aaron lit a cigarette natural. I was just a T-shirt, but felt cold. - Previously I did not like the fireworks - he said, blowing the smoke in the air. - I thought they were noisy, bad for the environment and a waste of money. - But like now, right? - Serena asked, turning up to look at it. She borrowed a jacket garage sheep-of someone in a wheelchair, but her feet were still barefoot, and she and Aaron were even the same time. Aaron seats. - I love it. - I - Serena whispered. Whole body shake and she was not sure if it was the cold or because they were about to kiss. Aaron took her hand. - Okay heated? - Yes. His dark-red lips has now in the corners. - Just when we kiss the fires away, okay? - Ta - Serena said, surprised. And there was nothing she liked more than to be surprised. In Times Square, a new crescendo of fireworks had just started. - But I think maybe I can not wait. Now that the hummingbird was found in a flower that I wanted to stick for some time, only what he would do was land. - Why not kiss now? You can kiss someone else later - said a girl behind them. It was Blair, standing a short distance coat wrapped in blue sky Marc Jacobs, but still trembling with cold. - Happy New Year-- Aaron approached her and kissed the face. Aaron embraced the. A bra?o a normal, legal, the brother. - Happy New Year-, Sis. Blair is away to embrace Serena. - Happy-New Year! - Shouted the two, tightening his face in the hair of another. It was madness to think that if they wanted to kill most of the year. Now no one knew what to do without the other. - OK - if Blair departed. - Now you can kiss. Letting them decide whether it went forward and kissed soon or not, she went to the end of the deck and looked at the Hudson River and the port. Watched the fireworks explode over the Statue of Liberty and supreme in the deep dark water. The penultimate stage of his tour ended with a kiss. Now all that remained was to write the last scene, the end. Would not really end, it has now. Not with some sort of purpose. The best stories never ended. Maybe she just did for the following morning. Audrey had a nice chat with the man's delicatessen where she bought a coffee. After she Miriam alone, take a sip of coffee and get to the street, letting everybody guess. Gossip girl.net __________________________________________________________________themes / previous / next / do a question / answer Warning: all the real names of places, people and events were curtailed to protect the innocent. I mean, I do. Hi, guys! Okay, so I finally realized my desire to have a year-new processor. I think almost everyone who was party to that madly wonderful too. I mean, how many of you really believed that appear Flow? Worse for him, the party was even better after he's gone. Your email Q: Hi, GG, I heard that the whole party was paid for with money from the drugs of S. I have not been, but as she would have achieved that DJ? - Underworld A: Dear underworld, S has enough money to not need the money from drugs to a feast of trash. Furthermore, if not there, why are you talking about that? - GG Q: Dear GG, I think I danced with you in Year-new. You blonde of hair and has a corp?o? - Cliffs A: Hi Cliffs, Maybe. Just what I will say. - GG Flag Dawn of the first day of the year: C sleeping with their arms around K and I on a sofa in the lobby of the Tribe Star Hotel. Imagine not having gone to the family suite. N giving the pipe drinks with friends in union Square Park. There is no better way to end the night the way we started. V and D in-hand in the Strand. Only those two to turn the year in a bookstore. The S and taking the breakfast at Flo rent, looking tired but happy. B buying a huge cup of coffee in one of Madison Avenue deli before running to your building. EJ panties in a burning metal trash from West End Avenue while trying to learn to smoke alone. Now that she stress of time, must be school. SOME QUESTIONS insistent Does B will lose the thing? And if you lose, with whom? Does N will redeem, even if we go to worship is not redeem? S will settle down and stick in A for more than a day? D is ready for sex with V, which is now a published poet? J will find true love? Will any of us will overcome the hangover in time to finish the proposals for the universities? And more important, who of us will come, anyway? I am not very worried. In the coming semester I will be at a party after another, and I enjoy planning alone. Until more. For you who love me, gossip girl 

END